Dariusz Nosorowski. Managing Director, Atol Poland. Dariusz - a salesman, manager, lawyer with MBA title, SGH Warsaw School of Economics graduate and accomplished sales manager. He has nearly  years of sales experience at various organisational levels and both - large-scale international organisations as well as local startups. Leader of change restructuring, market segmentation, effective creator and implementer of the selected strategies. He implemented recovery plans in the weakest departments, which later ranked among the best in the company. A coach and mentor, effectively builds successful sales teams, motivates employees to achieve high performance. He willingly shares his knowledge and experience in the work sphere collaborating with companies as an active salesman and consultant.

Have you seen the flag this blog button now being published in the top bar of BlogSpot.com blogs? Interesting.Blogger explains this tool as a way to:. the Flag? button allows the blogging community to easily note questionable content, which in turn helps us take action when needed. So were relying on you, the users, to be our eyes on the web, and to let us know of potential issues that are important to you.. I have other thoughts on it. I see it as a way for Blogger to protect itself - using the strength of the community of users - from sickos posting about criminal acts or tendencies on their tool. Not sure what Im talking about? See this for background.

33 Views. Industry Partner Showcase. Implementing change to achieve improved vascular access outcomes can be challenging, especially with the potential of multiple internal hurdles. This presentation will take an in-depth look at the phases of successful process improvement and describe how a comprehensive vendor-partnership approach can help identify the problem, solution, cost justification and effective implementation, which can result in realized positive outcomes.

Novel cytotoxic and biological agents for prostate cancer: where will the money be in ?
In , docetaxel-based chemotherapy became the first treatment capable of extending life in androgen-independent prostate cancer. The era of therapeutic nihilism in this disease has thus been put to rest and a broad range of agents is being tested with the goal of improving on the successes of . Lessons learned from other tumour types will need to be applied to prostate cancer in order to harness the bounty of available ideas. Target amplification or activating mutations and not merely the presence of a target are likely to be important to the success of targeted agents. Thus, the promise of the current crop of targeted agents is most likely to be realised when pursued in the context of well-credentialed targets and tested in highly translational clinical trials that are capable not only of assessing tumour response, but also of evaluating the status of the targeted pathway. The most promising agents in clinical development are reviewed.

An emerging clinical approach to treat substance abuse disorders involves a form of cognitive-behavioral therapy whereby addicts learn to reduce their reactivity to drug-paired stimuli through cue-exposure or extinction training. It is, however, unlikely that extinction training would be consistently effective as a stand- alone treatment in populations that have abused drugs long-term because the key memory systems that are recruited during extinction training are impaired by long-term drug use. There is a critical need to understand mechanisms underlying extinction learning and to establish viable strategies to increase the efficacy of extinction therapies for substance abuse disorders. Key elements of the proposed research plan build on recent advances made in the treatment of conditioned fear and anxiety and other cognitive disorders by pharmacological modulation of glycine, an obligatory co-transmitter at the NMDA glutamate receptor complex. The specific aims of the proposed research in rats and non-human primates are to:  elucidate the neurobiological substrates of extinction learning;  evaluate selected glycine site partial agonists and glycine transporter- GlyT inhibitors as candidate pharmacotherapies to increase the efficacy of extinction training; and 3 determine neurobiological substrates of glycine site modulation of extinction learning. The intravenous cocaine self-administration procedure will be used in the proposed studies because the contingency between drug delivery and behavior is likely paramount for understanding the persistent abuse of drugs in people. Measurement of Fos protein expression a marker for neuronal activation and evaluation with anisomycin an inhibitor of de novo protein synthesis will be used in rats to investigate the neurobiological substrates of extinction learning following cocaine self-administration training. In addition, the proposed research in rats and non-human primates will specifically investigate the effects of the partial glycine agonist D-cycloserine and selective GlyT inhibitors for their ability to accelerate extinction learning and to subsequently reduce cocaine cue reactivity and re-acquisition of cocaine self-administration. Animal research involving pharmacological modulation of learning and memory is well-served by an integrated comparative strategy using appropriately selected laboratory animals. This approach is especially relevant for research involving cognitive enhancing drugs, where non-human primates can serve as a key translational interface for the development of pharmacotherapies. unreadable unreadable unreadable

3. Foil tape is used in many applications to join two pieces of foil faced insulation, ensuring no thermal break and the continuity of the surface.. Idenden T33 is the market leading product for the heating, ventilation and air conditioning sector. It provides unrivalled performance, maintaining insulation efficiency by protecting against the effects of fire, moisture and dust. The final bond has high shear strength and the foil promotes the optimum balance of surface conformity and tensile strength. This makes it ideal for lap sealing foil faced insulation materials, metal and duct sealing.. High standards of reliability, strength and durability. High tack adhesive. Consistent performance over a wide temperature range. Class  compliance. Also used extensively in taping foil faced rigid foam insulation boards in non-industrial applications..  more- less. B3.COSHHData.pdf. B3.TechData.pdf. You must be logged in to leave a review.. Star Rating. Items Price: 

Host lymphodepletion augments T cell adoptive immunotherapy through enhanced intratumoral proliferation of effector cells.
T-cell adoptive immunotherapy for stringent murine tumor models, such as intracranial, s.c., or advanced pulmonary metastases, routinely uses lymphodepletive conditioning regimens before T-cell transfer, like recent clinical protocols. In this study, we examined whether host lymphodepletion is an obligatory component of curative T-cell therapy; we also examined the mechanism by which it augments therapy. Mice bearing intracranial, s.c., or -day pulmonary metastases of MCA  received total body irradiation conditioning or were nonirradiated before i.v. transfer of tumor-reactive T cells. Total body irradiation was not required for immunologically specific curative therapy and induction of memory provided that a 3- to -fold higher T-cell dose was administered. The mechanism involved enhanced intratumoral proliferation of T-effector cells in total body irradiation-conditioned recipients. In this tumor model, intratumoral Treg cells were not detected; consequently, intratumoral T-effector cells produced identical amounts of IFN-gamma upon ex vivo antigen stimulation irrespective of total body irradiation conditioning. Thus, host lymphodepletion augments T-cell immunotherapy through enhanced antigen-driven proliferation of T-effector cells, but curative therapy can be achieved in nonconditioned hosts by escalation of T-cell dose. These data provide a rationale for dose escalation of T-effector cells in situations where single or repeated lymphodepletion regimens are contraindicated.

Ranking systems have their limitations and imperfections  we know. Yet its worth sharing that the latest U.S. News & World Report list puts OHSU at no. 3 for excellence in primary care education.. Fifty-five of our  fourth-year med students, or  percent, are entering residency in primary care this year, which includes internal medicine, family medicine and pediatrics. While many of these students will go on to sub-specialize, this continues to be a strong initial showing in primary care, compared to many other areas of the country. While this is down somewhat from  when  percent matched to primary care, it is consistent with trends from -.. Complete OHSU rankings include:. - Overall research 3 tied with University of Maryland. - Primary care 3 tied with UC-San Francisco. - Family Medicine  tied with University of New Mexico. - Rural Medicine  tied with eight other institutions

Health care facilities operate in a complex environment. The first priority is to deliver the best care to the clients or patients. At the same time, health care providers have to deal with many day-to-day challenges ranging from managing patient waiting times and collating and safeguarding patient data to revenue collection and managing medical supplies. AfyaPro enables health care providers to provide the most effective care possible by addressing all these issues through the next generation software which patients medical records it also allows healthcare providers to continuously keep track of patient information, In addition, AfyaPro supports billing and accounting and helps staff to manage HR, assets, and stocks pharmacy. By keeping track of this information, health care facilities and clinics save money and improve data quality and accuracy, which in turn results in more effective and efficient health care delivery.

We're counting down the all-too, try one of these ideas:. . Serve two creative.. . Stick to wine and beer. Mixed drinks with expensive liquor can quickly add up, so give your guests a choice of wine or beer to sip throughout the night.. 3. BYOB. Ask if your site allows you to bring in your own liquor. Buy it by the case to save  to  percent off the cost of single bottles. Return unopened bottles, if that's allowed in your state.. . Have a limited open bar. You can opt for an open bar just during cocktail hour, then switch to beer and wine during dinner and the rest of the reception.. . Go ethnic. Plan a themed reception, then limit beverages to a few appropriate options: red wine with an Italian celebration, or Coronas and margaritas for a Mexican fiesta, for example... What is your favorite Don't that we didn't list?

New products in the field of cosmetics, be it an active ingredient, a new formulation of known ingredients, an application system etc., often afford years of research and development before approaching the market. Only a time of exclusive use ensures that this investment is worthwhile. Therefore, the developer of a new cosmetic product should seek for a comprehensive protection against potential counterfeiters. In this article optionsare presented for a protection that is as complete as possible by effective use of the available intellectual property rights IP rights. Furthermore, some important notes are given to avoid patent infringement when marketing cosmetic compositions.

The Nellie Bly Smoker. Make a hotcold food smoker from a -gallon steel drum. Read more . Make a hotcold food smoker from a -gallon steel drum. Read more . The... Read more . Making a yarn dispenser from your favorite VHS cassette takes only  minutes with this guide from Skeined Productions. Read more . Create high-voltage sparks using nothing more than falling water as the source of energy. Read . See yourself as others see you with a true mirror. Read 

It seems that Americans might not be the only ones to be at the receiving end of the thriving business of credit card fraud emanating from India. After the Maharashtra Police unearthed a massive credit card fraud scam by raiding Thane-based call centres and arresting scores of individuals accused of duping close to , Americans, Canadian authorities have raised alarm about 'suspicious phone callers with Indian accent.'

According to the probe agency, scores of Canadian residents have complained to the authorities in their country about marketers and callers asking them about their personal information. The complainants have also stated that most of the callers have an 'Indian accent' and tend to be pushy while asking personal information which mostly is about credit card details.

The revelation was made by some senior officials of the CBI who said that the issue was brought up during a recently held meeting with the Commissioner of Royal Canadian Mounted Police RCMP Bob Paulson.

Several issues were discussed during the meeting and most of them focused on greater co-operation between Canadian and Indian investigating bodies. Some of the points discussed during the meeting were related to inquiries and judicial requests made by our agency in connection to criminal cases probed by CBI. While our Canadian counterpart assured better cooperation from their end, there were some issues raised by them in which they would be needing our assistance. One of them is of credit card fraud and the matter seems to be serious and urgent in nature,a senior CBI official told DNA.

According to the RMCP in the last few months there have been multiple complaints from Canadian citizens claiming that they have been receiving calls from people with an Indian accent. The numbers from which they have been receiving these calls seem to be originating from two-three countries and we intend to work with out Canadian counterparts to probe this matter further, the officer said.

According to CBI officials, as seen in the past, syndicates operating a credit card scam system, are generally not based out of any one particular country. Similarly the numbers from which these fraud calls are made can be concealed using commonly available technology or through sim cards acquired illegally by syndicate members.

Mumbai case

Thane based call centres, which had more than , employees, have come under police investigation for allegedly duping Americans by pretending to be Internal Revenue Service officials and threatening them with tax investigations if they did not pay up. The police has also issued a Look Out Circular LOC to nab Sagar Dharmesh Thakkar, the alleged mastermind of the scam which is believed to have procured almost rupees  crore from American citizens

Firdous Ibrahim. Solicitor. Firdous Ibrahim is a solicitor in the medical negligence department.. Firdous is a solicitor assisting Suzanne White in the clinical negligence department. Firdous assists on a variety of catastrophic claims including spinal injury, brain injury, birth injury and other serious illnesses. Firdous also works on cases representing families at inquests where close relatives have died because of negligent medical care.. Firdous studied at City University, London. She joined Leigh Day in  after qualifying as a solicitor. As part of her training Firdous completed seats in clinical negligence and personal injury.. Firdous is a member of the Association of Personal Injury Lawyers APIL and the Spinal Injuries Association SIA. Firdous is also a Compass mentor for the Tony Blair Institute for Global Change.

The podcast where we watch every Academy Award Best Picture winner in no particular order. BP Patton . Best Pick with John Dorney, Jessica Regan and Tom Salinsky. Episode : Patton . Released  August .. For this episode, we watched Patton, written by Francis Ford Coppola and Edmund H. North, based on the  novel Patton: Ordeal and Triumph by Ladislas Farago and the  novel A Soldier's Story by Omar N. Bradley. The director was Franklin J. Schaffner, the producer was Frank McCarthy and the film starred George C Scott with Karl Malden, Michael Bates and Edward Binns.. As well as Best Picture, Patton was nominated in nine other categories and won a total of seven Academy Awards, including Best Actor which George C Scott turned down.. - Grouch Anthem.. - Book your tickets now for our first-ever live show, where well be watching Annie Hall. Its at Kings Place in London at :pm on Sunday  September. Click here for tickets.. Next time we will be discussing In the Heat of the:

Ayr United dealt a huge blow to Falkirk's promotion hopes by administering an incredible - thrashing to the Bairns at Somerset Park.. The home side were quite superb as they demolished Falkirk to close the gap on Division One leaders Livingston to eight points.. Eddie Annand grabbed the first goal after  minutes with a far-post header and Falkirk missed two fine chances before they were punished again by David Craig who added the second goal after  minutes.. The outcome was put beyond doubt when Mark Campbell added the third moments later and the home side then ran riot in the closing stages.. Lee Sharp and Gary Teale inflicted further damage before John Bradford. completed the rout with the sixth and final goal late on.. Subs: Renwick, Lovering,. Rovde, Crilly, Grady.. Falkirk: Hogarth, Christie, Nicholls, Denham, Lawrie, Rennie,. Henry, Kerr, McQuilken, Craig, Hutchison.. Subs: Seaton, McStay,. McAllister, Roberts, Hill.. Links to other Scot Div  stories

BUSINESS PROBLEM. We are recognized as one of the leading astrologers and expertise in providing different astrology solutions to turn on the right ways of your happy and satisfied life. We are specialized office problems astrologer who has been providing expert solutions for all of your office and business related issues.. At Global Astrology Services Company, we have a team of expert astrologers in order to help everyone to find the most suitable business field where you can get achievement. We are completely dedicated to use our knowledge to help everyone achieve the best astrological solutions for all problems in your career.. Astrological solutions for business problems:. Do you have a dream of starting a new business? Do you unable to get the precise resources to start the business? Do you have frequent problems in your office? For all kinds of business problems, we are there to help you to resolve business problems by astrology.

Randomized Study to Evaluate the Impact of Telemedicine Care in Patients With Type  Diabetes With Multiple Doses of Insulin and Suboptimal HbAc in Andalusia Spain: PLATEDIAN Study.
To assess the impact of a telemedicine visit using the platform Diabetic compared with a face-to-face visit, on clinical outcomes, patients' health-related quality of life HRQoL, and physicians' satisfaction in patients with type  diabetes. PLATEDIAN Telemedicine on Metabolic Control in Type  Diabetes Mellitus Andalusian Patients NCT333 was a multicenter, randomized, -month follow-up, open-label, parallel-group controlled study performed in patients with type  diabetes with suboptimal metabolic control HbAc   mmolmol, treated with multiple daily injections. A total of 3 patients were assessed for eligibility; 3 of them were randomized : to three face-to-face visits control cohort CC n   or the replacement of an intermediate face-to-face visit by a telemedicine visit using Diabetic intervention cohort IC n  3. The primary efficacy end point was the mean change of HbAc levels from baseline to month . Other efficacy and safety end points were mean blood glucose, glucose variability, episodes of hypoglycemia and hyperglycemia, patient-reported outcomes, and physicians' satisfaction. At month , the mean change in HbAc levels was -.  . -.  . mmolmol in the CC and .  . .  . mmolmol in the IC P  .. The number of patients who achieved HbAc  3 mmolmol was 3 and  in the CC and IC, respectively. Significant differences were not found regarding safety end points at  months. Changes in HRQoL between the first visit and final visit did not differ between cohorts, and, regarding fear of hypoglycemia FH- , statistically significant differences observed at baseline remained unchanged at  months P  .. The use of telemedicine in patients with type  diabetes with HbAc   mmolmol provides similar efficacy and safety outcomes as face-to-face visits.

NBC Universal is looking at The View-style talk shows with multiple hosts to possibly replace The Meredith Vieira Show as its ratings slump behind syndicated competitors, sources told Page Six. stars Tamar demographic  younger, more multicultural  to Merediths later-afternoon time slot.. NBC has already tinkered with Vieiras format in an effort to boost ratings.. The normally pretaped show was done live the week of Jan. , and has recently been featuring multiple guests to talk about topics like parenting and health.. Vieira recently had author Steve Santagati, former New York Giant Michael Clayton and TV host Steve Wilkos for a panel on what your man really thinks.. But other NBC insiders insist the network isnt looking to replace Vieira just yet.. With any show, you tinker with different things to see what works, one source said, adding that the panel could become part of the program. A rep for Vieiras show had no comment.

Springfield Partner Carole Lynch and Associate Denise M. Tremblay recently obtained summary judgment in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts. The plaintiff, a former director of our clientthe board of trustees of a municipal libraryalleged that the Board violated his st Amendment rights under  U.S.C.  3 by retaliating against him in pursuing termination of his employment and breached his contract of employment. The plaintiff voluntarily dismissed his claim for violation of the Massachusetts Civil Rights Act, M.G.L. c. , after receiving the motion for summary judgment. The judge ruled in favor of our client on the st Amendment claim on the grounds that the Board did not act under color of state law as its members were not state actors. In the alternative, the Court held that the Board was entitled to qualified immunity. The Court also entered judgment on the breach of contract claim.

Collage of family photographs found at Auschwitz after liberation. Pastwowe Muzeum Auschwitz-Birkenau w Owicimiu. To honor victims of the Holocaust, we keep their stories alive. Join our nation and a global community to remember the six million Jews who were murdered and to honor the survivors. As unprovoked war rages again in Europe, listen to echoes of the pastsurvivors memories and victims experiences.. This years event will feature survivors sharing their experiences, and victims accounts presented through photographs and historical film footage from the Museums collection.. Speakers. Marcel Drimer, Holocaust survivor and Museum volunteer. Irene Weiss, Holocaust survivor and Museum volunteer. Ambassador Stuart Eizenstat, Museum Chairman. After the live broadcast, the recording will be available to watch on demand on the Museum's YouTube page.

Why mobile search was inevitable from 

Way back in May , AOL finalized some amazing new technology based around its so called OSCAR protocolwhich eventually became AOLs flagship instant messaging system.



Why was this so amazing?



Well, it may seem something which we all take for granted in the new millenium, but at the time it was revolutionary for users to be able to communicate in real time. Furthermore, this was rolled out on a commercial scale and it proved to be a real game changer, not just for internet usage but also for broader human communication.



Early dominance



AOLs Instant Messaging system became known simply as AIM and it completely dominated the market in the early s. This tells us a number of things:



. The developed world was eager to be able to communicate in real time, both for social and commercial reasons.

. Business was desirous of shorter feedback loops, as a means of staff development and of shortening their sales cycles.

3. Collaboration in fields such as mathematics, science, education and politics became much easier, albeit creating at the same time some inherent risks.



Demise



By , however, use of AIM had largely become non-existent. This was due to a number of reasons:



. Ageing technology: as processing speeds and the complexity of computing accelerated, so did demands on what was expected of AIM and its competition. New operating systems were tried, noteably the AOL XMPP Gateway. This allowsthird party messaging networks to exchange messages and presence information with the AIM service. Use of the gateway is currently limited to select partners, and AOL state that parties interested in using the XMPP gateway should contact them.Use of AOLs XMPP Gateway was and is governed by proprietary terms of service.Commercially, this was perceived as restrictive and gradually other solutions became more popular.

. Portability: the advent of mobile phones with 3G rendered the need to be at an office or desktop unneccessary when wanting to instant message, whether by SMS or other means.

3. Apple: Apple products surged in popularity, wiping many competitors off the map including this technology.



What next?



Looking back, it was clear that there was a desire for real time mobile communication technologies. It was inevitable, even in , that technology would deliver solutions to this and the fascinating question now is how this trend will continue. It is not clear, however, that we have seen the last of AIM. Take a look at the following video for more details.







Call: --3

You can also email raIrvineSEOElite.com for direct access if this is easier. If you choose to call, leave a message if I do not answer.

First: Watch This Video

See if SEO is right for your business.

Second: Fill Out A Quick Start Application

If SEO is right for your business, hop over to our Quick Start Application Form.
If you prefer, you can call directly on  -3. Leave me a message if I do not answer with your name and number and I'll get back to you same day.

Channel  has appointed Alex Mahon, the former boss of the maker of MasterChef and Broadchurch, who now runs the special effects firm behind Hollywood blockbusters including Gravity and Guardians of the Galaxy, as its new chief executive.

Mahon becomes the first woman to run a UK broadcaster larger than Channel . She is the first female Channel  chief executive in the broadcasters 3-year history.

Alex is an outstanding leader and a highly experienced chief executive who has developed and grown major international businesses in both the creative and technology sectors, said the Channel  chairman, Charles Gurassa.

Jay Hunt quits Channel  post just days before decision on top job

Read more

She brings an impressive combination of relevant experience and is brilliantly placed to help steer Channel  through the competitive challenges and opportunities ahead.

Mahon will take over from David Abraham, who leaves later this year, and will immediately face the prospect of negotiations with the government over the relocation of Channel  out of London.

Scottish-born Mahon has previously worked closely with the Department for Culture, Media and Sport, having served as a member of the advisory panel put together to help map out the future scope and remit of the BBC ahead of the renewal of its royal charter last year.

She is a great enthusiast for Channel  and its unique public service remit and her recent work with government will be valuable in facilitating constructive dialogue with the new administration, said Gurassa.

Mahon is expected to start the , a year job in October or November and will be involved with the appointment of Hunts successor.

Hunt is due to leave at the end of September, after handling the launch of Great British Bake Off which the broadcaster poached from the BBC last year.

Channel s unique remit to innovate and to appeal to young and diverse audiences make it an essential part of British culture, said Mahon. There is nowhere in the world like Channel  and, in these changing times, its mission is more important than ever. Im incredibly proud to be joining Channel  and bring to it experience both of leading creative organisations at scale and dealing with an environment of constant technological change.

Mahon joins from Foundry, a design and visual effects software firm with film credits including Guardians of the Galaxy and technology licensing deals with Hollywood heavyweights such as Disney, Weta Digital and Sony Pictures Imageworks, which she has run since .

Calixarene Assisted Rapid Synthesis of Silver-Graphene Nanocomposites with Enhanced Antibacterial Activity.
Demonstrated herein is a single rapid approach employed for synthesis of Ag-graphene nanocomposites, with excellent antibacterial properties and low cytotoxicity, by utilizing a continuous hydrothermal flow synthesis CHFS process in combination with p-hexasulfonic acid calixarene SCX as an effective particle stabilizer. The nanocomposites showed high activity against E. coli Gram-negative and S. aureus Gram-positive bacteria. The materials were characterized using a range of techniques including transmission electron microscopy TEM, X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy XPS, Raman spectroscopy, UV-vis spectrophotometry, FT-IR, and X-ray powder diffraction XRD. This rapid, single step synthetic approach not only provides a facile means of enabling and controlling graphene reduction under alkaline conditions but also offers an optimal route for homogeneously producing and depositing highly crystalline Ag nanostructures into reduced graphene oxide substrate.

North American Single-footing Horse

The North American Single-footing Horse, also called the Single-footing Horse or Single-footer, is a horse breed originating in the southern United States. The term single-foot refers to an intermediate ambling gait, sometimes alternately called the rack or paso largo, where the horse lifts each foot up separately and puts it down alone.

Characteristics
The Single-footing Horse comes in a wide range of colors, including palomino and buckskin, as well as chestnut, gray, and bay.
The Single-footing Horse is a medium-sized breed of light riding horse. It is primarily known for its intermediate four-beat gait, which may range from  to  miles per hour on a trail ride to over  miles per hour at a road speed. High speeds in excess of mph have been recorded.

Uses
The breed is almost always used for trail or pleasure riding. All Single-footers must be shod in plain keg shoes a standard machine-made shoe in order to maintain registration.

History
The Single-footing Horse is descended from crosses of American Saddlebreds, Standardbreds, and other gaited breeds, with some influence from Spanish bloodlines. An influential stallion was EZD Falcon Rowdy, who also influenced the Racking Horse breed.

Sources

Category:Horse breeds

Luca  Stella. Priced from $3. Luca  stella story.... I am a 3rd generation jewelry designer, artist, and craftsman with a unique story to tell about family, loss and love., a general road map he had given me, and a burning desire to make a difference, Luca  Stella was born.. Named after my two young children, Luca  Stella is more than a line of jewelry. Luca  Stella reminds us that through love, inspiration & passion, we should all boldly embrace the journey of life!

An Australian court spared a young man jail time although he hacked into Apples systems, and downloaded sensitive data. The now adult defendant, who was  at the time the hacking began, accessed Apples internal systems and copied data and authentication keys, Bloomberg. Yet, it said: Sentencing of juveniles is focused on rehabilitation and the defendant had shown remorse and cooperated with authorities.. Read the whole story at Bloomberg 

In the beginning, man dumped his garbage over the edge: into a ravine, a swamp, a river. When ... more. What is recycling? Simply put, recycling is the collection of old materials-either from ... more. It is easy to throw caution to the wind when the office is paying for supplies, business travel.... Was your toilet made before 3? Consider replacing it with a more efficient one.. These plants are born to be wild. Native vegetation refers to grasses, wildflowers, and other plant life that grows naturally in a certain region and climate, as opposed to those that are forced to exist where they don't belong. Cultivating and encouraging native vegetation is an eco-friendly move; it doesn't require the watering, fertilizers, or pesticides that non-native plants do, so it's better for the environment. Native vegetation is also good for native wildlife.

global partnership gathering international agencies, Governments, NGOs, academia, private sector, civil society and individuals. Participants contribute to the development and implementation of GPML activities. Contributions may be in the form of financial support, in-kind contributions andor technical expertise.. Specific Objectives. - To reduce the impacts of marine litter worldwide on economies, ecosystem,.. - To increase awareness on sources of marine litter, their fate and impacts.. - To assess emerging issues related to the fate and potential influence of marine litter, including micro plastics uptake in the food web and associated transfer of pollutants and impacts on the conservation and welfare of marine fauna.. Join the Global partnership on marine litters

Friday, February , . GE maize health risks. Genetically engineered maize: New indication of health risks. By Testbiotech. February , . Bt protein toxic to human cells. CaenMunich -. According to companies like Monsanto, which produces genetically engineered maize with these toxins, the toxins are supposed to be active only against particular insects and should have no effect on mammals and humans at all. The investigation of effects of Bt toxins on human cellsisation.

Photo source: Grandmother's Kitchen. An excellent treat to take to your next pot luck. The crowds will love them!. Wash strawberries and remove the stem.. Slice from tip to base, but not all the way through.. Slice again perpendicular to your first cut.. Peel the strawberry slighly open and fill with a spoon of whipped cream, and a drizzle of chocolate sauce.

breaks. . Swing the End of the World. Deep in the wilds of Ecuador is a seismic monitoring station known as Casa del Arbol in the original Casa del Arbol. Its purpose is to observe the activity of the Tungurahua volcano, which is located nearby. This volcano woke up on August , . Since then, climbing it has been banned, and it is under scrutiny. The station is a small tree house. Which can already be considered a landmark, since it is located on the edge of a fairly deep cliff. But much more interesting are the swings that hang from the branches of a tree, right next to the station more like a large birdhouse. All over the world, these swings are known as swings at the end of the world or end of the world swings.

Availability: In stock. Mouse over the image for zoom. SKU: -3. Price:. $ 3.33. Made from a special formula resilient vinyl plastic,  thick, cobbler'sdiy worker's mat. These are ideal when using a punch or cutting your project. The mat is firm yet giving-resilient so as to make it ideal for working with your tools. The mat lasts a long time and can be used on both sides. It serves as a protection for the surface you are working on and should be used on a solid base for best results.Dimensions:  x  square . x . cm with  inch 3 mm thick.

Single Passage Rotary Unions. Single-Passage Rotary Unions, also known as rotary swivels, rotary couplings,rotary joints,can be used for various applications within all types of industries, and it is a precision mechanical devices used to transfer fluid from a stationary source, such as a supply pipe, into a rotating piece of machinery. Rotating Unions and Rotary Joints are used in numerous manufacturing processes to cool, heat, or transfer fluid pneumatic or hydraulic power.. All models of single passage rotary unions are available left or right hand thread on the rotor, and the housing also can option. In addition, all of single rotary joint are accepted customized.. Rotary Unions. Slip Ring Union. Slip Rings

The Leader family of luminometers is designed to detect chemiluminescent emissions from a wide range of sample types and quantities. Capable of processing up to  samples at a time, the Leader platform provides an automated photon-counting luminometer with both the sensitivity and flexibility to perform virtually any luminescent assay.. About. The Leader system platform allows laboratories to seamlessly work with innovative Hologic assays to detect the presence of disease. Pairing advanced automation with the specificity and accuracy of our full range of assays leads to early detection, appropriate treatment and better outcomes, for labs and for patients.. - The Leader HC instrument provides an automated platform for Hologic Aptima nucleic acid amplification tests.. - Designed to work with the Accuprobe and GASDirect non-amplified DNA assays, the Leader i and i instruments provide the ideal detection system for sensitivity, speed, accuracy and ease of use.

we used the metro but you have to change once. the pavements are not smooth if you have luggage on wheels and it is a good  minute walk with a bit of a hill, so takes a bit of effort.. There is a fantastic minibus service at the airport called Minibud. It took us directly to the hotel and collected us for the return. Literally door to door. The price was extremely reasonable and so convenient. Cannot recommend it enough.. we took a shuttle bus which was direct but we had a bit of a wait.. We booked the transfer with jet. Get an answer from The Three Corners Hotel Art staff and past guests.. Romantic Guide to Budapest

-  Counseling and School Psychology promotes a field-based scientistpractitioner model to prepare culturally competent and compassionate professionals at the graduate level. Our program prepares students to provide service and leadership in school psychology, clinical mental health counseling, school counseling and student affairs. The scientistpractitioner model in CSP creates practitioners who understand, critically evaluate and effectively use the research base within their profession to make decisions and guide practice.. The department consists of nationally and internationally accredited masters and educational specialist programs in Counseling and School Psychology.. Department Strengths Include:. For more information, please view our Counseling and School Psychology Department Recruitment presentation and our outline of the admission process.. College of Education B.  W. th St.. Kearney, NE . P. 3--. F. 3--

Guiding LightOffers articles about different aspects of mediumship, the spirit world and psychic gifts. Provides a profile about the British author, an automated tarot reading and a psychic test.. Madison Spiritualist CampIn New Jersey with church services, classes for spiritual enlightenment, healing and readings.. Physical Mediumship InternationalEducational articles about the different types of mediumship. Includes a number of pages devoted to the phenomena at Scole including apports, the films of images and the Alice project. Also includes advice on how to sit for phenomena, a guestbook and recommended reading.. Spiritual PlatformOffers a series of articles on subjects including aromatherapy, dreams, psychic animals, the aura and the chakras. Includes poetry.. SpiritualistChurch and medium directory.. Spiritualist ResourcesIncludes articles, events, discussions, a directory of mediums, healers and churches.

The Incomplete Book of Dragons UK, also known as The Complete Book of Dragons: A Guide to Dragon Species in the US, is a book featuring all known dragons from Cressida Cowell's book series. It was released on May , .. Description brilliance and fire and spirit of that lost dragon world. Featuring dragon profiles, dragon anatomy, dragon riding tips and lots more must know info e.g. how to spot the difference between an arsenic adderwing and a glow worm you don't want to mix those two up and what to do when confronted with a Hellsteether. This is a must for all keen dragonwatchers out there..

We always have a great time when Branson joins us for our weekly Legend's dinner with Grammy & Pa. He's so full of personality and gets a long with both girls so well. :. We survived another first day of school! It was a pretty smooth morning, even Drew cooperated by sleeping most of the night and waking up to have breakfast with the girls! School is starting  minutes earlier than last year so we were up and at it at :3 to make sure we had enough time to park and walk the girls in...plus take pictures. Lots and lots of pictures!. Ava was pretty excited to go see her friends but I think as the time for leaving for school neared she got more and more nervous. She went from bubbly and talkative to a little more solemn. She did at least smile for a picture or two! :

Advanced Reiki Training. Are you a Reiki II attuned practitioner and would like to move to the next step? Advanced Reiki Training ART is the st level of Reiki Master, offering the first of  master symbols for more powerful Reiki energy. You will learn advanced techniques as well as more instruments for self-care in preparing to become a Reiki Master Teacher. So,

Fired Up Training Services, LLC provides quality classroom training, interactive hands-on training, and consulting for your busy training officer.. All of our classes are delivered by qualified and experienced fire service professionals who are eager to provide your members with a quality learning experience.. Keep up to date by looking at our bulletin board often where you will find up to date information on training opportunities and the weekly Never in Vain Drill. The Never in Vain Drill is a brief training bulletin that you can download each week and learn important life saving information based on a firefighter who died in the line of duty.. -  Gilbert St.. - Castle Rock, CO . - Phone: 33--. - Toll Free:. - Website:. Want to know more about Fired Up Training Services, LLC. Get Info Now

The Original  BMX Mini is our base model, built for big airs, park jamming or flat ground tech-tricks. If this is your first Mini BMX, the Original  offers you the perfect combination of performance and safety at an affordable price.

The bike performs as good as it looks too, with quality components throughout  rather than plastic, as found on department store bikes.

The Original  B offers a 3-piece cranks to allow additional strength and weight for teenagers and adults to shred with peace of mind.

Wildcat is the world leader in Mini BMX component development  no other brand offers disc brakes or a full inventory of spare parts, backed by our friendly service. For disc brakes, please select an Original  or Pro Series Wildcat

All Wildcat Mini BMX's feature a sealed  tooth Wildcat cassette hub for fast, precise, and loud engagement, and incredibly strong  ply,  psi tires that are built to take a beating.

You'll stand out from the crowd at the skate park on this stunt bike and will be wanting to post all your tricks straight to your favorite social platform. We'd love to see them  make sure you tag wildcatminiusa

 months warranty on components and a limited lifetime warranty on the frame, you can shred with peace of mind.

Make sure your kids stay safe  we are the only Mini BMX manufacturer to develop a specialized brake system because we want you and your kids to be safe while having a good time.

THE GENUINE WILDCAT

Specs:

Strong 3-piece Crank with Wildcat patented high-speed bearings.

lb capacity on 3 Piece Crank bikes lb on  Piece Crank bikes.

Heat treated light weight wheels with  PSI tires.

Patented Wildcat  tooth driver and high-speed bearings.

Light Weight high strength 3 Cro-Moly handle bars.

Suitable for stunt and competition use  not suitable for use on registered roads.

Customer Reviews

Thanks for your feedback Robert - we hope that you or your kids have an insane amount of fun with this Wildcat Mini.

K

K.D.

Awesome trick bike

My  year old son absolutely loves it!!

So good Kristine - glad he loves it.

N

N.m.

I have two boys who race BMX.. we travel all over for their me races and its become a lifestyle for our family. There is a lot of down time and the weapon of choice has been the mini bikes for several years. The first mini bike I purchased was a very well known brand and it seemed to perform well. However - I stared noticing other brands making minis that seemed equal in quality but about half the price. So when it came time to replace the bike I went with the cheaper less known brand of mini. I didnt notice and difference in quality between the two brands. About month ago I saw a kid kit one of the races cruising the pits on a mini that looked nothing like Id seen before. I figured some rich Factory dad had somehow found the parts to build a custom mini.. just be taking a quick glance it was obvious this mini was top of the line . Later I was able to find out it was not a custom build.. it was a Wildcat MIni that he purchased complete . The bike was similiar in price ronthe more welll known brand of mini sold in the U.S. I decided to purchase the bike and if has exceeded alls expectations. Its smoother, faster and I would argue nicer looking then any other mini out there. My sons both love riding these bikes over anything else the have - including their race bikes which which both cost over k to build. You can find minis cheaper then Wildacat- but if they are gonna be riding a lot and you want a top notch bike this is the best there is and Ive seen several. Until a new company emerges that can do better - wildcat is without the best bang for your buck and I will certainly be buying another Willscat once its time to replace the two we have now -

WOW Nathan - thank you so much for such a comprehensive review on the Wildcat Original B.
We really appreciate it. We strive to be the market leader in the development of Mini BMX bikes - we want our pride to be riding the best, the lightest and the strongest.

Tiny and tough! Super fun! I wish they existed when I was a kid! My little groms and I love it! Heres a couple pics of myself playing with our new Mini freak. Im  and this thing is as tough as my  bike and is a rush to ride! Well done to the wildcat crew for sending this gap in the in the market for young riders and adults alike. Tiny shred!!!

Thats the absolute best Edward. We love seeing dads get in on the action. Thanks for your positive review and so pleased that you and your little groms are diggin it.

Development of direct phlebography for surgical intervention of the varix cruris.
To determine the appropriate treatment for patients with varix cruris, we performed three different methods of phlebography including direct phlebography, and compared their findings by each phlebography. Conventional ascending phlebography was taken routinely and initially in all limbs n  . Direct phlebography developed by us was then indicated, when the visualization of the deep vein system was unclear by conventional ascending phlebography. This method was useful for the clear opacification of the deep vein system, and also was able to visualize the deep femoral vein clearly. After the precise diagnosis of varix cruris, descending phlebography under the Valsalva maneuver at supine position was carried out for the evaluation of the deep vein insufficiency. According to these phlebographic findings, conventional stripping with or without sub- or suprafascial ligation of communicating vein was indicated to saphenous typed varix cruris. The valvuloplasty to the highest valve in superficial femoral vein was carefully added in eight limbs which showed the significant reflux by added in eight limbs which showed the significant reflux by the descending phlebography. This valvuloplasty was remarkably contributed to the immediate healing of the stasis ulcer without recurrence. And compression sclerotherapy was selected to some patients with branch typed varix cruris.

BRUSSELS -- European Union ambassadors appear set to prolong asset freezes and visa bans against  individuals and 3 entities that, according to the EU, are responsible for actions against Ukraine's territorial integrity.

EU sources have told RFERL that the decision to prolong the measures by six months will be taken ahead of a September  deadline without much discussion.

The targets of the sanctions include companies in Crimea and various battalions formed by the Russia-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine, as well as Russian politicians like Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin and Dmitry Kiselyov, a state media executive and presenter whom many regard as the Kremlin's chief propagandist.

The sanctions were first introduced in March  after Russia's seizure and illegal annexation of Ukraine's Crimean Peninsula.

The EU's economic sanctions that target Russia's energy, military, and financial sectors are up for renewal on January 3.

EU sources told RFERL that those sectoral sanctions will be discussed at a Brussels summit of EU leaders in October.

Removal of the distal  of the pancreas may be done in adults without producing diabetes or deficiency of external pancreatic secretion. This procedure is often employed in the treatment of malignant and benign tumors. Resection of the body and tail of the pancreas may also be useful in treatment of an occasional patient who sustains severe trauma to the pancreas with complete transection, or with a crushing injury involving the distal portion of this organ. Little data are available, however, concerning the effect of extensive pancreatic resection upon the young, growing individual. Although such a procedure does not result in the development of diabetes, the quantitative requirements for exocrine secretion during the phase of rapid growth have not been established. This experiment was designed to evaluate the effect of distal subtotal pancreatectomy on the growth and metabolism of young mice.. Material and Methods. Ninety C-3-H mice, each .

The study of graphs, or graph theory, is used in communications and information technology systems for various purposes. A graph refers to a collection of nodes or vertices and a collection of edges that connect pairs of nodes. A dominating set DS for a graph G is a set of nodes in G such that every node not in DS is joined to at least one member of DS by some edge. That is, each node in G is either a member of the dominating set DS or  hop away from a member node may also be referred to as a dominating node. It is noted that a dominating set may include disjoint sets of nodes in the graph.
A connected dominating set CDS of a graph G includes a dominating set and a set of connecting nodes that may be needed to connect disjoint nodes in the dominating set. CDSs have traditionally been used in mobile ad-hoc networks for routing applications. For instance, broadcast and multicast protocols may efficiently reach all destinations by restricting transmissions to nodes that are members of the CDS instead of every node in the graph. In addition to routing, mobile ad-hoc networks may benefit from CDSs in other areas including channel access, link adaptation, energy consumption, power control, dynamic resource management and the like.
Since a given graph may have more than one CDS, it may be beneficial to identify a CDS with minimum number of elements e.g., nodes andor edges. Such a CDS may be referred to as a minimum connected dominating set MCDS. However, it has been shown that the computation complexity of minimum connected dominating set problem MCDS, and minimum dominating set problem MDS in general, is NP-complete. Therein lies a need for a system and method capable of efficiently identifying a CDS with the number of elements as close to the minimum number as possible.

Characterization and technological properties of Staphylococcus xylosus strains isolated from a Tunisian traditional salted meat.
The technological properties of strains of Staphylococcus xylosus were studied to select the most suitable for use as starter cultures for the production of dried fermented meat products. Strains of S. xylosus were isolated from traditional salted Tunisian meat and were identified by biochemical and molecular methods. Thirty strains of S. xylosus were studied to evaluate their catalase, nitrate reductase, lipolytic, proteolytic and antibacterial activities as well as growth ability at different temperatures, pH's and NaCl concentrations. All strains of S. xylosus had catalase activity and were able to reduce nitrates to nitrites. The nitrate reductase activity increased when the strains were kept under anaerobic conditions. Proteolytic activity on milk and on gelatin agar was demonstrated for  and 3.3 of the S. xylosus isolates, respectively. However extracellular proteolytic activity as assessed by the azocasein method was poor in all the strains. Lipolytic activity as assessed by the agar method showed that . of strains of S. xylosus could hydrolyze Tween  against 33.3 that could hydrolyze tributyrin. Tween  was hydrolyzed by only  of strains. Strains of S. xylosus hydrolyzed pork fat better than beef and lamb fat. The majority of strains had antibacterial activity against Salmonella arizonae, Staphylococcus aureus, Pseudomonas aeuroginosa, Escherichia coli and Enterococcus faecalis.

The tri-lobal polyester filament eliminates lint issues and provides shine and lustre as well as strength, tenacity, and resistance to thread breaks at the higher speeds used by embroidery machines and long arm quilting machines. The one inch color repeats allow you to add stunning visual interest and maximize the color variance in your designs. Also recommended for appliqu, hand embroidery, hand quilting, and other thread crafts.. Great thread. From Anonymous of Stafford, Virginia on 3.. Great thread. Wish this kind of thread was found in Virginia stores.. The. Shopping Cart. is currently empty

CSX: Veterans Welcome. JACKSONVILLE, Fla.  CSX Transportation NYSE:CSX is one of the best places for the nations veterans to work following their military careers, according to G.I. Jobs magazine. CSX Transportation ranked th on the annual list of the nations most military-friendly employers. This marks the third straight year the company has made the list, rising from number  in  to its current position. In selecting companies for recognition, the magazine considers the resources dedicated to military hiring, ReserveGuard policies, percentage of new hires who are veterans, veteran training programs and previous rankings. Only  percent of the , eligible companies

How To Become An EKG Technician in Georgia. In order to qualify for EKG Tech Training jobs in Georg EKG Tech Training careers in Georgia, medical imaging department for course registration deadlines, and engineering program requirements.. Cardiovascular technologists and technicians create images and conduct tests involving the heart and lungs.. Beyond major requirements within the medical imaging department, you may consider Oakton Community College earth science as a complementary elective.

OUCH! Free Content gets hurt by enabled Ad Blockers

Mobility means synching up

If youre an IT executive today, things pretty much work this way: so very often when you get a present from a family member, its the latest in mobile computing devices. In fact, most executives in this business are already carrying wireless handheld devices alongside a two-way pager and a cell phone.

Of course, I personally cant wait to have my own version of a Dick Tracy watch, which means that just about anybody will be able to contact me whenever they take a notion to do so. But the fundamental problem with mobile computing is the need for such a concept  apart from existing IT services, that is.

To make matters worse, companies such as Verizon now are giving away free Internet-enabled phones to people willing to sign long-term contracts. L.M. Ericcson Telephone Co., meanwhile, is working with AT&T Corp. to create a new generation of wireless consumers by giving away wireless devices shaped like phones, allowing people to win prizes by interacting with the Who Wants to be a Millionaire television program.

The reason this represents such an immense problem for IT is that all these executives are sure they cant live without such devices. Naturally, this means they want the devices connected to their work environments so that they can become ever more productive.

What most people dont realize is that this presents a huge challenge for IT. Each mobile device on the market today comes with its own set of built-in services for e-mail and calendering. In order to integrate those services with existing corporate services built around Lotus Development Corp.s Notes or Microsoft Corp.s Exchange, IT organizations have to invest in synchronization software that can be purchased from more than a dozen different vendors today.

The problem is that every time one of the devices this software is intended to synchronize gets updated, the synchronization software needs to be updated. And of course anytime any of the core enterprise applications gets an upgrade, youll also need to update the synchronization software.

For IT people, this creates an infinite synchronization loop that diverts attention away from their real jobs: to make sure that their company has a working IT infrastructure. This loop exists because the concept of mobile computing has not yet sufficiently worked its way into our application development and Internet infrastructure psyche. Instead of having to purchase synchronization software to make the concept of mobile computing a reality, the technology needed to support mobile computing should be built directly into the applications we use and the services provided by ISPs.

Unfortunately, were a good two years away from seeing this approach become a reality, so in the meantime we can expect to see continued proliferation of mobile computing products that just add to the problem.

Alas, trying to put a lid on this phenomenon is roughly akin to the effort back in the s of trying to stop the infiltration of PCs into corporate environments. The reality is that you cant stop people when it comes to acquiring the latest gadget in an economy where people have far too much disposable income. And if you dont try to support it, end-users will once again view the IT department as a behind-the-times bottleneck that prevents them from attaining data nirvana alongside their latest stock quotes.

So the best thing you can do for the moment is make a short-term investment in synchronization software because you will have some modicum of control. Nevertheless, IT organizations should also be putting a tremendous amount of pressure on ISVs and ISPs to create truly seamless mobile computing infrastructures.

After all, its in their interest to do so. Once we have such platforms, everybody can participate. Until then, mobile computing will just remain a troublesome niche application for those who can afford to pay for it.

The only question that remains is, how long are we going to have to live with mobile solutions that only take us part of the way there?

Michael Vizard is editor in chief at InfoWorld. Send him e-mail at michaelvizardinfoworld.com.

Four-star forward Harry Froling announced his commitment to SMU on Tuesday.. Fourstar class of  prospect Harry Froling has committed to SMU, the power forward announced on Tuesday.. According to Scout.com, Froling, an Australian prospect, took a trip to the United States and made official visits to Illinois, Arizona, Colorado and SMU.. One of the biggest reasons I chose SMU was the opportunity to build something, Froling told Scout.com. Larry, Tim Jackovich and K.T. Turner have been doing a great job recruiting me, and the fans were amazing.. The , 3-pound forward will join fellow Aussie Tom Wilson at SMU. The pair played together on Australias U team. Froling also has two sisters who play on SMUs womens basketball team.. I'm just gonna leave this here...... Tomwilson3  pic.twitter.comOZrKZnOmA Harry Froling HarryFroling January , . The Mustangs also have a commitment from class of  point guard Dashawn McDowell.

Pages

Tuesday, January , 3

yorkshire pudding.. breakfast and dinner version..

i am a huge huge cheer's fan.. it's one of my all time favorite shows.. and one my favorite characters was cliff clavin, the under appreciated, hapless loser mail carrier.. one episode cliff explains yorkshire pudding to the cheer's gang here. and i have always remembered his explanation now i have since learned it was bogus but that was part of cliff's charm he made crap up and lead you to believe it was fact.. kind of like when i tell shell or jake well you know i read on the internet... blah blah and shell calls me out every time.. she says MOM YOU CAN NOT QUOTE PEREZ HILTON as a legitimate source of facts.. head hanging in shame i can't help it.. he wouldn't put anything on his web site that wasn't true right?? right?? helloooooo tapping on computer screen right?? well enough with my gullibility.. when i was a kid, well th grade, i stayed my friend kathy's house all the time and we made this for breakfast every time!! we would sit with our warm oven pancake and smear jam on it and watch american bandstand.. ok i don't know if we watched american bandstand we probably watched smurfs but hey i have an image to uphold here.. any way when my mom and i would go to lawry's prime rib house i've mentioned before my fondness for that place they always served with their prime rib a yorkshire pudding.. theirs were individual so they were more like a pop over, now i could have, i repeat, could have made individual ones, you see my mother in law gave me a pop over pan once.. very nice of her huh and well it was big and bulky and so i moved out to my cabinet in the garage.. if you've been reading this blog for any amount of time you have heard me tell my tales of woe about putting things in the garage.. pete donates them!! right out of my cabinet.. he doesn't anymore because i threatened to clean out the garage one day and donate his crap.. so you guessed it.. he donated my pop over pan.. sigh so i had to make one big one.. nevertheless it was yummy and decadent and delicious.

preheat your oven to  degrees f... ladle your pan drippings from your roast into a large iron skillet or put your butter in a large iron skillet now add your drippingsbutter to the oven to get hot ..just a few minutes.. meanwhile make your batter.. sift your flour and salt together.. add your eggs and milk and whisk until thoroughly combined.. add your pepper don't add pepper if making for breakfast and quickly incorporate.. remove drippingsbutter from oven and pour batter right until the hot drippingsbutter.. put in oven and cook for - minutes until puffy and lightly brown.. remove from oven and serve hot.. when serving for dinner i like to put my meat right on top of it.. when serving for breakfast i like to serve it with raspberry jam.. yummy!!!

get the newest blog post right to your email

search by ingredient

Loading...

kaotic kitchen

my little space on the net for recipes and thoughts... i should start off by saying I am not a blogger, this is, shall we say, a journal of sorts for my recipes and random thoughts now and again, to be shared with family and friends. my cooking philosophy is simple, if the recipe has too many ingredients I won't cook it, too many pots and pans required I won't do it, sandwiches DO NOT constitute dinner. I cook simple, quick and easy meals.

about me

I have had a love for cooking since I was young.. well ok at first it wasn't a love it was my chore. but love came later.. When I turned  my Mother started me reading recipes on Sunday and then picking  or 3 from her cook books or magazines and then preparing a grocery list from the recipe which today I am lost if I don't have my detailed list for my trip to the store from my list I would then clip coupons and I would head off to the grocery store.. As an incintive I always need incintives and money works wonders smile I was allowed to keep any money I saved from the coupons and she would then pay me per meal I made. I had to cook at leaast  a week but if wanted more money I would cook more, the prices ranged from $. for simple meals such as tacos and refried beans no canned in my house or $. for something like Chicken Cacciatore because it takes so much longer but is so much worth it. So when I got married and got a house of my own I was able to conquer the grocery store and cooking delicious meals. um thanks Mom?

Post navigation

Whats The Forecast On Kepler-B? Hot And Cloudy NPR

An artists rendition of Kepler-b left with Jupiter for comparison. Photo: NASAJPL-CaltechMIT

Whats The Forecast On Kepler-B? Hot And Cloudy

by

October , 3: AM

Scientists are reasonably sure that its a cloudy day on , a planet that orbits its star about , light-years away from us.

Using NASAs orbiting space telescopes, researchers publishing in say that for the first time theyve been able to make a rudimentary map of the atmosphere of an extrasolar planet.

The team used faint visible light and infrared reflections from Kepler-b to make their cloud map.

By observing this planet with Spitzer and Kepler telescopes for more than three years, we were able to produce a very low-resolution map of this giant, gaseous planet, study co-author Brice-Olivier Demory of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge said in a statement.

Contact the. Member Service Center. The Alaska USA Payday Credit Line was designed to give active duty military personnel and their families access to cash when they need it.. An excellent alternative to other payday lending options, a payday credit line offers an affordable line of credit, no application or transaction fees, and a credit limit maximum that can be paid off reasonably within six months or less at a great rate.. Consider adding payment protection as well.

DAC Collection Artist Information. George Washington Wilson. Scottish photographer, publisher, and painter. Brief biography, in most instances from the Union List of Artist Names Online:. Born  February 3; died  March 3. In  Wilson first began to photograph war ships. In  he photographed scenes of Edinburgh and called them Scottish Gems. In  Wilson was appointed photographer to Queen Victoria in Scotland. In - Wilson contributed to the illustration of 'Ruined Abbeys & Castles of Great Britain & Ireland.' Wilson was a founding member in 3 of the Liverpool Amateur Photographic Association. By  he had established the largest publishing company of topographical views in Britain called G.W. Wilson & Co... Artist ID number in the Union List of Artist Names: ULAN .. The ULAN link above leads to a cataloging authority record at the Getty Research Institute.. Objects related to George Washington Wilson:.

Construction. Standard Shipping. Express Shipping. REVIEW SNAPSHOTby PowerReviews. Reviewed by  customer. Pros. Cons. Best Uses. They looked and felt nice. The width was perfect for a size , but the length was more like a  or  . I had at least an inch in front of my big toe. I felt like I was wearing clown shoes or trying to convince people that I have bigger feet. I'm not that insecure about my shoe size. I wish that they were a little shorter and then they'd be a nice pair of shoes.. Do you have questions about this shoe?. Get answers from SKECHERS customers or our in-house shoe expert.. Q:How do these run, do they run long? Schould by a size smaller?.  answer. A:This particular model has a toe taper design, so they may feel a bit long due to the extra room at the front to account for the toe shape. You may want to try a half size smaller if you don't like the extra room at the toes.

Governments love to blame international forces beyond their control for economic ills at home. Gordon Brown was a dab hand at this. But when a boom which involved a tripling of debt and house prices ends in a bust should we really be surprised? And could the governments of Spain and the UK not have stepped in to end the excesses long before their economies got addicted to debt? I think so and let us hope they don't let booms get carried away again although looking at both countries the next boom seems an awfully long way off.

The Indians have placed righty Corey Kluber on the -day DL with lower back discomfort, per a team announcement. Hell be replaced for the time being by righty Joe Colon.

Kluber has reportedly been dealing with the back issue throughout the early portion of the season, so it seems the hope is that some rest will help him move past it. He has struggled somewhat thus far, perhaps due in part to the nagging discomfort.

Though Kluber is still carrying a strong . K on the year, he has allowed more walks 3. BB than usual and has coughed up seven long balls through 3 3 innings. His velocity has dropped a bit, with his four-seamer sitting at . mph and his sinker averaging . mph.

BENEFITS OF TRAINING. Cardiovascular Health. Physical health is vital to achieving mental and spiritual well-being. Bujinkan training promotes oxygen consumption, blood circulation, muscle toning, flexibility and relaxation.. Confidence in Self. Partner scenario training, develops awareness of surroundings. Developing the instincts needed to determine if something is a threat and how to respond.. Challenging ones-self. Bujinkan training promotes self-assessment of ones preferences, strengths, and areas for improvement. Increased self-awareness.. Connection to Self. Bujinkan training exposes practitioners to Eastern concepts such as unifying the body, mind and spirit; inner wellness and mindfulness.. Creative Thinking. Bujinkan training promotes creativity and innovation in ones personal and professional life. Self-directed learners have an edge over the competition.. Community Values. Bujinkan training exposes practitioners to Eastern concepts such as harmony and social connectedness that are integral to wellbeing..

Corporate Meetings & Retreats. Tired of boring, mundane corporate retreats that your executive team tries to avoid?. We create meetings and retreats that inspire success.. Brownell Incentives has extensive experience partnering with corporate meeting and event planners to design retreats and meetings that motivate and exceed expectations.. We know that planning an effective meeting requires your most valuable but limited resource: your time.. We work closely with you to understand your goals and objectives and then take care of the logistics and details on your behalf. We can help with selecting and hiring motivational speakers, coordinating air and ground transportation, creating themed entertainment, organizing team building activities, and selecting desirable and unique destinations.. Expectations are growing, even when budgets are not. Let us help you get the most out of your corporate retreat.

Winter Herb Kvass from Ferment Your Vegetables. Read Article . The 3-Piece Econo Airlock is an excellent choice for the a beginning fermenter. Whether you're fermenting vegetables, sauerkraut or beverages, this airlock takes some of the guess work out of the fermenting process and is easy to assemble. After inserting it into a stopper, and the proper container, fill to the & fill line with clean water to create a closed fermenting system. This allows CO to escape, but does not allow air back in to contaminate your fermenting product. The 3 plastic pieces come apart for easy cleaning between uses and is easy to assemble. This Airlock fits our Rubber Stopper . Made in Canada. Scroll down to the From the Blog section to see how to use the reCap Pour Cap with Airlock & Rubber Stopper for fermenting and get a Kvass Recipe.

mosaics a set of images. gdalmerge.py -o outfilename -of outformat -co NAMEVALUE -ps pixelsizex pixelsizey -tap -separate -v -pct -ullr ulx uly lrx lry -n nodatavalue -init value value... -ot datatype -createonly inputfiles. This utility will automatically mosaic a set of images. All the images must be in the same coordinate system and have a matching number of bands, but they may be overlapping, and at different resolutions. In areas of overlap, the last image will be copied over earlier ones.. Pixel size to be used for the output file. If not specified the resolution of the first input file will be used.. GDAL  .. target aligned pixels align the coordinates of the extent of the output file to the values of the -tr, such that the aligned extent includes the minimum extent.. NOTE: gdalmerge.py is a Python script, and will only work if GDAL was built with Python support. initalized to ..  gdalmerge.py -init    -o out.tif in.tif in.tif

To link to the entire object, paste this link in email, IM or documentTo embed the entire object, paste this HTML in websiteTo link to this page, paste this link in email, IM or documentTo embed this page, paste this HTML in website

Literacy Notes
The 3 Literacy Directors Retreat
Literacy directors from throughout
the state met to exchange ideas at
Oklahomas annual literacy directors
retreat. For the second year in a row,
the retreat theme was inspired by an
old I Love Lucy television episode
featuring Lucy and Ethel working
in a chocolate factory. A morning
brainstorming session had directors
comparing new tutors to Lucy and
Ethels chocolate wrapping experi-ence.
What was the consensus? Unlike
Lucy and Ethels humorous work
practices, volunteer tutors are suc-cessful
when they receive adequate
training, on-going supervision, and
regular feedback. Interspersed be-tween
fun activities, program direc-tors
also discussed fund raising, adult
learner book clubs, health literacy,
and techniques to deal with stress.
The retreat was made possible thanks
to Library Services and Technology
Act funds from the Institute of Mu-seum
and Library Services.
Left to right Ida Fay Winters describes the health literacy project in Altus.  Rebecca Barker shares ideas on using high interest
reading materials.  Jana Smithey Elk City and other literacy directors try to balance a hula hoop during team building exercise.
You Are Invited
The Oklahoma Literacy Coalition
invites you to attend its Great Ex-pectations
event on September 
at the Will Rogers Theater in Okla-homa
City. The event will feature
guest speaker, Mary Dahlgren
Ed.D. The presentation, What We
Know About Reading in the Brain,
will provide current research about
the brain and how reading develops.
Dahlgren will share slides on how
the brain reacts to educational inter-ventions
and changes that occur in a
 week time period. Attendees
will participate in an engaging ex-ercise
to simulate the experience of
learning how to read.
The presentation, luncheon, and
annual meeting are free to Coalition
members. Registration is required
prior to the event. For more infor-mation,
contact Angela Spindle at
oklitcoalitionyahoo.com
Check out the state
coalitions new website at
www.okliteracycoalition.okpls.org
Summer 3
Check Inside
About Literacy Assessments. 
Celebrating Our Journey. 
A Whole Lot of Smiles. 3
Health Literacy . 3
Fiesta in Fuqua in Duncan . 
Pryors New Literacy Program. 
Sorority Wins National Award. 
iPads Enhance Tutoring Efforts. 

Literacy Notes
The 3 Literacy Directors Retreat
Literacy directors from throughout
the state met to exchange ideas at
Oklahomas annual literacy directors
retreat. For the second year in a row,
the retreat theme was inspired by an
old I Love Lucy television episode
featuring Lucy and Ethel working
in a chocolate factory. A morning
brainstorming session had directors
comparing new tutors to Lucy and
Ethels chocolate wrapping experi-ence.
What was the consensus? Unlike
Lucy and Ethels humorous work
practices, volunteer tutors are suc-cessful
when they receive adequate
training, on-going supervision, and
regular feedback. Interspersed be-tween
fun activities, program direc-tors
also discussed fund raising, adult
learner book clubs, health literacy,
and techniques to deal with stress.
The retreat was made possible thanks
to Library Services and Technology
Act funds from the Institute of Mu-seum
and Library Services.
Left to right Ida Fay Winters describes the health literacy project in Altus.  Rebecca Barker shares ideas on using high interest
reading materials.  Jana Smithey Elk City and other literacy directors try to balance a hula hoop during team building exercise.
You Are Invited
The Oklahoma Literacy Coalition
invites you to attend its Great Ex-pectations
event on September 
at the Will Rogers Theater in Okla-homa
City. The event will feature
guest speaker, Mary Dahlgren
Ed.D. The presentation, What We
Know About Reading in the Brain,
will provide current research about
the brain and how reading develops.
Dahlgren will share slides on how
the brain reacts to educational inter-ventions
and changes that occur in a
 week time period. Attendees
will participate in an engaging ex-ercise
to simulate the experience of
learning how to read.
The presentation, luncheon, and
annual meeting are free to Coalition
members. Registration is required
prior to the event. For more infor-mation,
contact Angela Spindle at
oklitcoalitionyahoo.com
Check out the state
coalitions new website at
www.okliteracycoalition.okpls.org
Summer 3
Check Inside
About Literacy Assessments. 
Celebrating Our Journey. 
A Whole Lot of Smiles. 3
Health Literacy . 3
Fiesta in Fuqua in Duncan . 
Pryors New Literacy Program. 
Sorority Wins National Award. 
iPads Enhance Tutoring Efforts. 

data-src altBanana Ice Cream with Chocolate Shell  stephgaudreau . Banana Ice Cream with Chocolate Shell. Banana Nice Cream with Chocolate Shell is a perfect for making in tiny batches when you want just a bit of a dairy-free sweet treat.. Ingredients. -  frozen banana. - -3 tbsp coconut milk. -  tsp vanilla extract. -  tbsp coconut oil. -  tbsp cocoa powder. - Pinch of ground coffee optional. Instructions. -!.  Responses . Do you use the full-fat coconut milk from the can? Everything that I find in the refrigerated section is too processed!. Yep! From the can . I liked it too! Thanks, Steph!. Youre welcome!

Related News: .. Arby's Wildly Popular Venison Sandwich to Return Nationwide October According to USA Today , venison sandwiches will be back on the menu in all 3,3 restaurants in the US starting Saturday, October ... Vegas gunman aimed at fuel tanks as diversion: SheriffRather than rush in without a game plan, police would have been formulating the best response to the barricaded gunman, he said. Though at this point, they haven't found any one particular event in Paddock's life that triggered the shooting, he said.. Demi Lovato will never stop being honestAre you excited to watch Demi's documentary? Simply Complicated will be released on YouTube on October . Demi is now enjoying incredible success with her sixth album, Tell Me You Love Releases iOS ..3 With Audio and Haptic Feedback Fix DownloadIf you input your password into a fake box, the attacker could steal it and use it to access your credit card information.

Featured Artist: Vaughn Cochran. Whether it's watercolors, pencil drawings, mixed media, oil or acrylic painting, Vaughn Cochran portrays his love for for sport fishing through contemporary masterpieces. For  years, Vaughn has climbed his way to the top of sporting art and has become one of the most regarded artist in the world of fishing. But Vaughn is talented in much more then the use of a brush or pencil. Vaughn's skill set includes ceramic sculpture, intaglio, woodcarving, silkscreen, and even metal working.. In my travels, I have always had my camera and sketch book, Vaughn Explains. I have filled at least three journals with ideas and notes for paintings and sculptures that revolve around fish and life on the water.. Click Here to view our line of BlackFly X BlackStrap Products.

Q:

What is the actual role of ZooKeeper in Kafka .?

I have seen some similar questions as follows:
www.quora.comWhat-is-the-actual-role-of-Zookeeper-in-Kafka-What-benefits-will-I-miss-out-on-if-I-donEt-use-Zookeeper-and-Kafka-together
Is Zookeeper a must for Kafka?
But I want to know the latest information about this question.
What is the actual role of ZooKeeper in Kafka .?

A:

Zookeeper is required to run a Kafka Cluster.
It is used by Kafka brokers to perform elections controller and topic leaders, to store topic metadata and various other things ACLs, dynamic broker configs, quotas, Producer Ids
Since Kafka ., clients don't require access to Zookeeper, only brokers rely on it.



Contin.. Continenza is an extension educator in the program area of food, families and health with Penn State Extension in Lehigh and Northampton counties. In that role, she delivers research-based, nonformal educational programs on topics related to children, youth and families.. She also serves as the coordinator for the Whitehall-Coplay Communities That Care CTC, a framework for preventing problem youth behaviors and building community strengths.. The extension award recognized Continenzas efforts in forming and sustaining the local CTC, which began in .. She holds a B.A. in sociology from East Stroudsburg University and an M.Ed. in youth and family education from Penn State University.

Great News! For all of us who enjoy museums and spending time with great works of art, or a fun place to spend a day with kids where they learn something! Its back!!! the Blues Star Families Museum program that has worked with the National Endowment for the Arts to create . a partnership with more than ,3 museums across America to offer free admission to all active duty military personnel and their families from Memorial Day through Labor Day .. Yes, Free Admission! Heres the link to the list of museums. Last year, Chief and I used it for a great day at Colonial Williamsburg, for a Show of Louis Comfort Tiffany glass and other works. This year, Im heading to Hillwood  all that lovely Faberge! Take a look  Ill bet you will find a wonderful place to spend some time this summer with the whole family, doing something fun, and sshhhh, dont tell the kids educational even!. KSF

We need to keep America the world's greatest magnet for immigrants. Why? Today, more and more people around the globe have access to the same technological tools for innovation and entrepreneurship. In such a world, the countries that make it easy to draw in human talent will have a distinct advantage. Also, a steady flow of immigrants keeps a society flexible and competitive. The more open your society is to new people and ideas, the more things will be done by you, not to you. We shouldn't just welcome educated immigrants, but laborers as well. Immigrants keep energy flowing in America's veins. But because I strongly favor immigration, I also favor a high fenceif not a physical one, then at least a tamper-proof national I.D. card for every American, without which you could not get a legal job or access to government services. We will not sustain a majority in favor of flexible immigration if we can't control our borders. Good fences make good immigration policy.. Thomas L. Friedman 

he first season of the television comedy series The Middle aired between September 3,  and May , , on ABC in the United States. It was produced by Blackie and Blondie Productions and Warner Bros. Television with series creators DeAnn Heline and Eileen Heisler as executive producers.. The show features Frances Frankie Heck, a working-class, Midwestern woman married to Mike Heck who resides in the small fictional town of Orson, Indiana. They are the parents of three children, Axl, Sue, and Brick.. After airing only  episodes, ABC gave the show a full season pickup. It was then renewed for a second season on January , .. The first episode premiered to . million viewers, a . household rating and a . adults - rating. It beat out the CBS sitcom, Gary Unmarried, and the NBC drama, Mercy, both of which aired in the same timeslot.Overview from themoviedb.org.  Free subtitles & video converter from freemake company

We ask questions that bridge ecology and management, incorporating both biophysical and human elements. The common thread linking our areas of study is silviculture, the applied ecology of forest systems. Members of the lab work around the world, in tropical, temperate and boreal biomes. Through fieldwork, laboratory analysis and theoretical approaches, we seek to advance understanding of the relationships between vegetation, biophysical processes and human value systems.. The Ashton Lab works in close collaboration with other faculty who have strong forest interests, including Timothy Gregoire, Graeme Berlyn, Brad Gentry, Mark Bradford, Craig Brodersen, Simon Queenborough, Liza Comita, Marlyse Duguid and Susan Clark.

Tin Top Bridge. Tin-Top Bridge. Hyde Hall, East Springfield, New York. This bridge was completed in  and provides access to Hyde Hall from Tin Top through its Mill Road entrance. The existing culvert, which replaced the original bridge in the early th century, washed out in June . The current bridge was modeled after an original  drawing of a proposed bridge at the Hyde estate in Cheshire, England. The bridge now acts as the main entrance to the Hyde Hall grounds..  Photograph by Michael Reynolds

The business is based in York registered with number: 333. This company was set up in . The headquarters of the company is situated at  Acomb Road Holgate. The zip code is YO EY. This business's SIC and NACE codes are  which stands for Residents property management. --3 is the last time when the accounts were filed.. The data obtained about this particular company's management shows us the existence of two directors: Jeremy M. and Claire C. who assumed their respective positions on Mon, th Mar  and Thu, th Nov .. Claire C. is the individual who has control over this firm, has substantial control or influence over the company.

.. Education.com Pro is a digital subscription product that provides access to unlimited worksheets, workbooks, custom worksheets, activity books, science fair projects, as well as our popular Brainzy reading and math games. This membership gives teachers and homeschoolers the resources they need to work with kids of all ages in all subjects. Membership offers more than , worksheets and over 3 workbooks covering  academic subjects, as well as hundreds of fun activities, themed activity books, and the Brainzy reading and math program which is the perfect way to build the skills that teachers say are most important for kids ages 3 to .

huge pendant lighting ceiling light extra large pendant lighting semi flush mount size of drum chandelier industrial p small pendant lighting for kitchen.. large pendant lighting for foyer,large pendant lighting canada,extra large pendant lighting for two-story foyer,large pendant lighting uk,large pendant lighting for kitchen,large pendant lighting,clear glass large pendant lighting,extra large pendant lighting,cheap pendant lighting for kitchen,huge pendant lighting,kitchen large pendant lighting.. Related Post. dimmable led lamp. sump pump monitoring. kennel bed. room essentials tv stand. hall mirror with hooks. bathroom stereo. polyurethane clear coat. condenser pad. teflon tape on pvc. vintage bathroom tile. cuttler hammer switch. stainless steel washers dryers. rifle ghillie wrap. food safe silicone sealant. x inch frame. multi socket car charger with usb port. lamp parts store near me. jordan sofa

Shop The Large Selection Of All Fiocchi . S&W Ammo At Rock Bottom Low Prices...Guaranteed at Sportsman's Guide. Fiocchi Shooting Dynamics . Auto .3mm  Grain.  rds. of Winchester . S&W  Grain. CCI Blazer Centerfire .S&W  Grain FMJ . PMC Pistol and Revolver .S&W ....  rds. of Winchester . S&W  Grain FMJ Value Pack Ammo packs a punch with , F.P.S. velocity!Great for target practice and plinking. The pleasure of plinking! Head to the range or back , and let loose with this Winchester . S&W  Grain FMJ Ammo. It's smooth feeding and shoots incredibly straight with , F.P.S. velocity. It's Ammo with consistent and dependable performance you can rely on, shot after shot. Perfect for target practice or plinking!. In Stock. Pistol Ammunition.. CCI Blazer Centerfire: Speer bullets with reliable CCI primers.  rounds per box..

For all your Painting & Decorating requirements... Established in 3 with over 3 years experience within the industry. We have extensive experience working for residential, commercial, public body & industrial customers throughout Lancashire and the Northwest of England & Cumbria .. We are a family run business based in Garstang, Lancashire. Providing a professional, courteous and reliable service with our customer as the main focus.. We specialise in all aspects of interior and exterior painting and decoration including: surface preparation, spray painting, protective coatings, intumescent coatings, floor coatings, masonry painting and windowcare.. With a growing team of fully skilled painter decorators, we offer a top quality, professional and reliable service which you will experience from initial contact.. We are approved contractors for Constructionline. All our qualified painter decorators hold Construction Skills Certification Scheme qualifications.. Recent Comments

Pfizer announced that the final analysis results show its COVI- vaccine is  effective in preventing infections, even to elderly, and caused no serious side effects, the company said Wednesday.. The company is preparing to formally ask U.S. Food and Drug Administration to allow emergency use of the vaccine. The announcement came after as coronavirus cases in the US skyrocketed and other parts of the world, giving hopes for an end to the pandemic.. .. Earlier this week, competitor Moderna Inc. also announced . effectiveness of its own COVID- vaccine candidate, which is made with the same, brand-new technology  using a snippet of the genetic code of the coronavirus to train the body to recognize if the real virus comes along.

Sir,. Condoleeza Rice's statement on claims that the US has transported prisoners to be tortured in foreign states and in secret prison camps is the height of sophistry.. It sickens me that the US administration, which claims to lead the world in human rights, is quibbling over legalisms with far greater consequence than President Clinton's manoeuvres over oral sex with Monica Lewinsky.. Ms Rice claims that near-drowning of terrorist suspects, or the causing of pain near but not equivalent to organ failure, is not torture.. If our Prime Minister is to prevent any further damage to the UK's global reputation and safety against future terrorist attacks, he must utterly repudiate such claims.. Dr Ian Brown. London WC

Monika Konkov and Barbora imkov debuted their first collaboration together with the 'Pierot Porcelain Tableware Collection.' The home accessory range evokes a sense of minimalism and tradition and consists of cups, saucers, bowls and vases.. In creating the set, the duo wanted to bring back a certain culture of dining. The elegant tableware is meant to help people take a break from their busy lives through dining experiences. Also, a tradition of tableware aesthetics has also been diminishing, with less people investing in finer porcelain dishes.. The Pierot collection features a soft color palette with light gold accents. Some of the pieces were achieved through the act of recycling old shapes of tableware -- inspired by porcelain decor and vintage cut glass.. Eccentric Porcelain Dishware. Score. More Stats -. - Twosome Tea Cups. - Mushroom-Mimicking Kitchen Containers. - Teapot Wall Hangers. - Medicine-Inspired Coffee Mugs. - Feces-Themed Cafes.

Mercedes-Benz USA has published a video in which it presents the history of its AMG performance division.. The  minutes long footage goes back to  when AMG was formed in Germany as a company specializing on racing engines and takes us through the years presenting the various stages in its evolution.. Some of the most notable steps in its history took place in  when AMG signed a contract of cooperation with Daimler Benz AG and also in  when the SLS AMG GT3 was introduced as a customer sports racing car. To get a better picture and understand what helped AMG become the company it is today, youll have to check out the video below.. Video: History of AMG.  May . . Video: History of AMG. Mercedes-Benz USA has published a video in which it presents the history of its AMG performance division.

Don?. Hi, I think it is very refreshing that you have decided to keep some of your precious life private. I myself am in the process of writing lifestyle blogs and launching a new babywear product and as a naturally private person was also contemplating how much of my life I would need to disclose in order to be a successful blogger. I know that part of blogging means opening up and sharing parts of your life with the world so that they can relate with you, however I also believe there needs to be a balance between being able to capture and experience personal moments that only you and your family share with moments that will inspire or positively influence someone else out there in the wide world! Good luck with your new parenting life and business ventures. 

Pages

Sunday, June , 

Lets be honest here  we love to snack as much as anyone. Why else would we start our own snack company? One bite will have you saying MMM-MMM. And when you discover they are also heart-healthy, you might say HMMMMM? Good for you AND tasty? How did they do that?

For starters, all of our chips are made with plant sterols and have been proven to lower cholesterol. We use only heart-healthy oils, plus other great ingredients like whole oats and whole grains our tortilla chips and a frying process that helps our potato chips have  less fat than regular potato chips.

Now doing something good for your heart is as easy as opening a bag of Corazonas heart-healthy chips!

I am in love with the Italiano  Cheese! All of these chips where a big hit in my family!

How to win:

Stop by Corazonas then come back and leave a comment on your favorite flavor. Want more entries? Blog about this giveaway and leave a post that you did and where. You can also subscribe to my blog  be a follower  grab my button  or tweet with me for additional entries! Winner will be picked using random.org. Contest will end July ,  : PM EST.

My family would love the Italiano  Cheese since we are big cheese lovers! And I like that it has Blue Cheese in it, thats alot different then most chips! Thanks for the chance. unforgetabledreameralwaysathotmail.com

- MAAX. - R-Logic. - Resources. - Events. Company Culture. Some people find comfort in daily routines that rarely change; others in daily challenges that are rarely the same. Some thrive in environments where structure and process have already been defined; others in environments where none exists. None of these things are necessarily good or bad...just different.. Put our particular set of employees together  each with hisher own unique way of working  and you have what is known as company culture. Over time, weve learned to accept the fact that our company culture is unsettling for some, invigorating for others. It's the number one reason why people leave ASTECH, and it's the number one reason why people stay at ASTECH. So in an effort to help you make a long-term career decision, let us try to explain the subtleties of ASTECH InterMedias unique culture..

Radiant headband. Color: Black . Multisport training accessory from SWIZ new line of visiability products. - Thin elastic headband with reflective. - For any kind of sport on colder springautumn days. - For activepeople who train frequently all year in urban and rural environments. - Light, thin, elastic with reflective details. Size. Product information. Technical specifications Rating and reviews. Radiant headband. SWIX Radiant Headband provides just the right amount of warmth where you need it the most under chilliy weather conditions. One may ask why it carries the name radient as it is black of color. However; while the elastic refelective logo-detailing provides the alibi, the headband is a natural partner of our Radiant series of products. Made for high intensity sports Fits well under helmets too.. Clothing. - SizeRange:,. - NetWeight:.. - NetVolume:. - Gender:Unisex. General. - Color:black. - Size:

We all have an artsy friend or family member who is super crafty, and we always find ourselves biting our nails wondering what can we get the person who can make anything and everything with their own two hands! Take a look at our collection of cool and useful gift ideas that we have compiled with our favorite crafter in mind. Our collection includes items inspired by our crafty friends such as woven throw blankets, crocheted beach bags, and hand dyed scarves. We also have items that will help artists stay organized such as decorative boxes, jars, bottles, and bins. One of our most popular gifts for craft lovers has to be one of our classic aprons by SirMadam and Teroforma which come in handy in the studio or out in the garden. Enjoy free shipping on orders over $ to the contiguous  United States.

Equestrian lessons. Dressage is the execution, by a trained horse, of precision movements in response to barely perceptible signals from its rider. Dressage harmoniously develops the physique and ability of both the horse and rider.. Clelands equestrian lessons are for riders from beginner to advanced level who are aspiring to ride competitively and become world-class dressage or show-jumping equestrians. These lessons are intensive and are aimed towards riders who have already undertaken or would like to begin equestrianism as an athletic sport.. Our equestrian lessons are coached by FEI Level  Coach and FEI World Dressage Final Silver and Bronze Medalist Akoele Roachford. Akoele was trained in both dressage and showjumping in Germany. She has trained many students to a level where they were able to acquire full and partial equestrian scholarships to universities in the USA.. All Equestrian lessons are private lessons, lasting between  minutes to  hour, and will be scheduled to your convenience.

Watershed infarctions and computed tomography. A topographical study in cases with stenosis or occlusion of the carotid artery.
Watershed processes were observed in approximately  of cases seen by our study group. In the axial section they mainly appear as stained or striated hypodense areas in white matter of the parietal region, with or without extension into the supply area of adjacent cerebral arteries. These findings can be very subtle and are revealed only by careful examination, especially of higher sections.

Gearbest Review by RebelReviews.net.. Although Gearbest leaves an England-based office address on its official website for contact needs, its major operation centre as well as warehouse facilities should be positioned in Shenzhen. It is, in nature, a Chinese online international store serving global buyers.. Store credibility. . It is backed by the powerful e-commerce company based in Shenzhen.. . The shopping site is protected by Norton and users dont have to worry about information leaking while using it.. 3. It accepts safe payment methods such as Paypal or credit cards.. What Gearbest.com impress?

Bandicoot; A sewer-cleaning robot will clean Keralas sewer holes Ministers conducting research on the issue following the Chief Ministers instruction to find a remedy for it. Genrobotics is planning to market the product within six months. It has already.

Democracy and Economic Growth. Date--3. Author. Uslu, Hakan. Type of Degreethesis. DepartmentEconomics. MetadataShow full item record. Abstract. A common theorem of political economists is that democracy and income are strongly correlated. There are conflicting views on the direction of the causality. Coups that started due to non- economic reasons are shocks to democracy. I use such coups to test the hypothesis that democracy causes high economic development. My results suggest that anti-democratic coups have a significant negative effect on economic development. On the other hand, democracy has a strong positive effect on economic development. This study focuses on how an anti-democratic change in regime influences the income level in a country.. Files. - Name:. - thesisfinalMay.pdf. - Size:. - .Kb

About Scott Walker. Scott Walker is the th and current Governor of Wisconsin. He also served in the Wisconsin State Assembly and as the Milwaukee County Executive. He was recently elected chairman of the Republican Governors Association. First elected governor in the  Wisconsin general election and was reelected governor in the  Wisconsin gubernatorial election. The response to Walkers policies included protests at the Wisconsin State Capitol and an effort to recall Walker. Walker introduced a budget plan which limited the collective bargaining of most Wisconsin public employees. Walker survived the  recall election, becoming the first American governor to survive a recall effort. Walker was a candidate for his partys nomination to the  presidential election but left early in the contest.. Related Articles:. - Scott Walker: Ill Endorse for President This Week. - Walker: Wis. primary will come down to wire between Cruz and Trump!

Nudi Goods is a Santa Cruz based company, dedicated to creating completely plastic-free products.. These tinted lip balms are handmade, plastic-free, and  biodegradable. They come packaged in a biodegradable earth and ocean friendly push-up tube.. Mother nature will thank you as you and your lips enjoy the beach, hit the trail, or simply relax in front of a wood stove!. 3 tints available: Coral Rust, Sonoma Sun and Urchin Pink.. Ingredients: Beeswax, Cocoa Butter, Coconut Oil, Carmine only in the Urchin Pink, Iron Oxide, Mica. The Urchin Pink contains Carmine, which is not vegetarianvegan. It was chosen to avoid synthetic and harmful chemical dyes.. Back to collection

Mark Salsbery wrote:I don't know what user session ID you're referring to,. sessionid. Mohammad Dayyan wrote:How many session ids do we have in SL ?. Mark Salsbery wrote:You can use ASP.NET sessions through ASP.NETWCF services.... Mohammad Dayyan wrote:I'm working just with SL client side and I wanna get an unique thing for every visitor.. AspNetCompatibilityRequirementsRequirementsMode  AspNetCompatibilityRequirementsMode.Allowed. public class MyService. .

Symington by the steamship stretched one arm of it over the water; Stephenson by the locomotive stretched the other over Pg.. Watt and Symington were born in Scotland within a few miles of each other.. If he is not better when he comes down-stairs, I think I must send for the doctor, Symington.. Yet if integration under Symington was slow, it was also inevitable.. One of them knocked the ashes from his pipe and Symington saw the sparks float down.. It is like a fever coming on, she said to Symington, with whom alone she could take any counsel.. Symington would have liked to explore the rest of the club-house, though of course he did not say so.. Symington did not know which his young master resembled the most.. Symington's experiments have shown that in the average adult 3 lb.. Symington had been bringing in the tea while Miss Herbert discoursed.


Will Garmin Pay $m Ransom to End Two-Day Outage? - stepstop
https:www.forbes.comsitesbarrycollinswill-garmin-pay-m-ransom-to-end-two-day-outage3bdae3

trocado
If it matters, as a customer user, I'd rather forego all my data on their
cloud and wait whatever time is necessary for them to rebuild the systems,
than have Garmin pay the ransom.


tdrp
According to this TC article, it's basically illegal for a company to pay the
ransom:

https:techcrunch.comgarmin-outage-
ransomware-s...https:techcrunch.comgarmin-outage-ransomware-
sources

I sort of agree with that since if companies start paying up then suddenly
that thing will be more and more widespread.


tinushn
Still it happens all the time, of course.



Upper Poppleton

Upper Poppleton is a village and civil parish in the unitary authority of the City of York in North Yorkshire, England. It is situated by the west bank of the River Ouse adjacent to Nether Poppleton, and west of York close to the A from York to Harrogate. The village is served by Poppleton railway station on the Harrogate Line. According to the  census, the parish had a population of ,, increasing to , at the  Census.  Before , it was part of the Borough of Harrogate.

The name is derived from popel pebble and tun hamlet, farm and means Pebble Farm because of the gravel bed upon which the village was built. Upper Poppleton has been referred to as Land Poppleton and the neighbouring village of Nether Poppleton as Water Poppleton indicating their position relative to the river.

The village is mentioned in the Domesday Book and the Anglo-Saxon Chronicles. It became a Conservation Area in 3.

History
In , the village was recorded in the Anglo-Saxon Chronicles as Popeltun and in the Domesday Book as Popeltune. The villages and lands were given by Osbert De Arches to the Abbot of St Mary's in York. It was, therefore, under the ecclesiastical rule of the Parish of St Mary-Bishophill Junior.

During the reign of Richard II the village was the scene of the murder of a Mayor of York.

In  the , strong Scottish and Parliament Armies, led by the Earl of Manchester, laid siege to the city of York. To facilitate communications, they built a Bridge of Boats at Poppleton. This bridge was eventually taken by Prince Rupert and his Royalist Forces, but he subsequently lost the battle at Marston Moor.

The village benefitted from the growth in the railways in the th century, when the York, Knaresborough and Harrogate Railway routed their line through Poppleton and erected a station.

Governance
Upper Poppleton lies within the Rural West Ward of the City of York Unitary Authority. As of the  elections it is represented by Councillors Ian Gillies, Paul Healey and Chris Steward who are all members of the local Conservative Party. It is also a part of the UK Parliamentary Constituency of York Outer as well as the EU region of Yorkshire and the Humber.

Locally there is a Parish Council with eight council members.

Economy
The Poppletons were formerly agricultural settlements with many farms, but the modern village is mostly a dormitory for commuters to the nearby towns and cities. It has benefited from its good road and rail links. The village has local retail facilities, including a Post Office, and some small enterprises.

Demography
In the th century the population has varied between  and 3. The census of  recorded the population as ,.

Community
There are two allotment sites in the village of Upper Poppleton. One is located at the end of Beech Grove and the other is in Main Street next to the Library. There are eight allotments on the Beech Grove Allotments, each approximately 3 square metres. The land is owned by the Parish Council. Main Street Allotments have seven plots.

There is a Youth Club and Scout Troop in the village.

Education
In , local ironmonger John Dodsworth founded a Church of England School. This was converted into accommodation for the School Master when a new building was built in . As of  Poppleton Ousebank Primary provides primary education for both Poppletons.

For secondary education, the village is in the catchment area of York High School on Cornlands Road in nearby Acomb, though the nearest secondary school is Manor CE on Millfield Lane. Manor is a Church of England School and has its own admissions policy separate from the local City Council. It was originally built in 3 at Kings Manor and has moved several times before being sited in Millfield Lane.

Transport

Harrogate Coach Travel buses run past the village as part of the York to Ripon route.

First York buses operate in the village as part of the Nether Poppleton route to YorkStamford Bridge. Transdev York buses operate in the village, as part of the Nether Poppleton route to YorkStamford Bridge, As well as through the village, as part of the Askham BarAcomb to Clifton MoorMonks CrossUniversity route. Eddie Brown buses run past the village as part of the York to BoroughbridgeRipon route.

A Park and Ride Poppleton Bar was constructed by the A in , with Park and Ride buses route  running from Poppleton to York centre, generally every ten minutes.

Northern Rail operates a stopping service on the line between York and Leeds via Harrogate. Poppleton station is the first station after York.

Religion

The old Norman 'Chapel of All Hallows' in Upper Poppleton was demolished in  to make way for the Victorian Church of All Saints. The 'new' church was designed by Hodgson Fowler of Durham.

In , the two Poppleton Parishes were united to form the Parish of Nether Poppleton with Upper Poppleton. All Saints' Church is situated on The Green in Upper Poppleton.

The present Methodist Chapel on the Green replaced two previous buildings on the site built in  and  respectively.

Sports
Poppleton United st XI play in York Football League Premier Division, as of , and play next to the Community Centre on Main Street. The nd XI play in Reserve Division C. Poppleton Tigers Junior Football Club is located in Nether Poppleton, but serves both villages.

There is a Lawn Tennis Club with artificial and all weather courts in Main Street. As of  the Men's st and second team play in Division One of the Tyke Petroleum Tennis League and the 3rd team play in Division Six. The Ladies st team also compete in the Ladies section of the same League, with the st team playing in Division One, the nd team in Division Three and the 3rd team in Division Three as of . They also enter five teams in the Mixed Section in Divisions One, Two, Six Eight and Eleven.

References

External links

 Upper Poppleton Parish Council website

Category:Villages in North Yorkshire
Category:Villages and areas in the City of York
Category:Civil parishes in North Yorkshire

Orienteering in Tilgate Forest. Published on . Despite the squelchy and swamp-like conditions at the regional orienteering event in Tilgate Forest, the two members of the Claremont Fan Court School orienteering squad made the journey to Crawley and completed their courses in impressive fashion.. On the . km orange course, Thomas F navigated steadily, with no significant errors, and was very pleased to finish in :3 for th place. Ellis B, on his first outing this year, sped round the  km yellow course to finish in first place in the excellent time of :3. After his best result so far, Ellis is looking forward to moving up to the orange course at Ashdown Forest.

State leaders continue to rail against federal tax plan

The tax overhaul plan proposed by President Donald Trump and now being considered in Congress would end the deduction on federal income tax forms for state and local property taxes. Gov. Andrew Cuomo said it would disproportionately harm New Yorkers, where property taxes are among the highest in the nation, and hes taken opportunities at recent public events to make the case against the plan.

Listen

Listening...



3:

WBFO Albany Correspondent Karen DeWitt reports.

Cuomo called the plan unfair double taxation. If New Yorkers are not allowed to deduct their state and local taxes, they essentially would be taxed twice  once by state and local governments and again by the federal government on earnings that they already paid in the form of taxes to the state and local governments. He estimated it would cost New York $. billion a year.

This is like upside-down world, Cuomo said on Oct.  on Long Island. Its called a tax cut plan. Its really a tax increase for most New Yorkers.

Cuomo predicted that getting rid of the deduction also would ruin the states business climate, which is already struggling in some regions.

It is an attempt by the federal government, purposeful or coincidental, to make New York and several states actually less competitive for businesses, Cuomo said on Oct. 3 in New York City.

The governor is not alone in his opposition. Fellow Democrats, including State Comptroller Tom DiNapoli, also are worried. DiNapoli said recently that hes very concerned about the effects of eliminating the deduction.

For a high-tax state like New York, state and local tax deductibility has been a very important component of the federal tax code, said DiNapoli, who added that even with a proposed higher standard deduction, its still not a win for New York taxpayers.

DiNapoli and Cuomo have conducted separate studies showing that New Yorkers give over $ billion more in taxes to the federal government than the state gets back, an imbalance that has doubled in recent years.

U.S. Sen. Chuck Schumer, who is New Yorks senior senator and the Senate minority leader, said its not just New Yorkers who will be adversely affected. Schumer said one-third of total taxpayers in the United States, or about  million, currently take the state and local tax deductions. He recently released data showing that people in states like Georgia, a Republican stronghold, and Colorado also would be affected.

The effect of removing state and local deductibility is deep and wide, Schumer said. And I think its going to alone kill the Republican plan as it is.

Schumer predicted that the elimination of the deduction eventually will be dropped from the plan. He said he was involved in the last successful tax overhaul in the s. He said the deduction was ultimately kept in the plan because it would have adversely affected too many lawmakers constituents.

Several Republican congressmen and women in New York already have said they are against getting rid of the state and local property tax deductions, including John Faso of the Hudson Valley and Peter King of Staten Island. Seven GOP members, including Claudia Tenney and John Katko, both of central New York, and Elise Stefanik of the North Country, wrote a letter to Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin, asking him to reconsider.

Cuomo said if the final plan includes the elimination of the deduction, hell go to court to stop it.

Where Mid Century and modern rustic design meet, this overhauled ranch in the distinguished Barrett Brae Historic Development of Kirkwood is everything you want. Radiant floor heating AND central HVAC throughout the main floor living of the spacious  sq ft, 3bed  bath home each bath has it's own water heater. Large wrap around living room, dining room, corner enclosed wood burning fireplace, Open kitchendining space with stainless steel appliances and solid surface counters. Main floor master suite and HUGE bonus room that can be a private office, over sized closet, or additional relaxation space if the Solarium and  patios are not enough. Custom tile throughout the home, abundance of windows and skylights for natural lighting, large laundrymud room, attached garage and back workshopstorage area. Your . - acre lot has easy exterior maintenance-inground sprinkler system, roof, BOTH water heaters. Power outage? No worries, there is even a generator!

Abes Garden shares knowledge as part of our mission to establish best practices and elevate the quality of dementia care on our campus and throughout the nation.. Advice for caregivers to engage loved ones with dementia:. Start with simple tasks that offer success. If it is not successful, put the blame on yourself. I am so sorry, I didnt get you the right supplies, even if that isnt the truth.. Begin the activity working together at first. If they dont know how to do it, they will mirror you.. Praise in an adult way. Thank them after each purposeful task.. Invite and encourage them to participate by saying I need your help. Please help me.

Passionate about the environment. We really are and we want that passion to be shared by all businesses. We have developed our solutions to ensure companies can quickly and efficiently get on the road to Net Zero as soon as possible and with as little disruption to their business.. An effective corporate climate change strategy requires a detailed understanding of a companys greenhouse gas GHG emissions. Let us help you achieve Net Zero. Developing a Net Zero solution to your business is going to be as critical as it was to develop your Finance, HR and HSE solutions in the past.. We will ensure you have a solid, realistic and accredited Net Zero solution that ensures you can lead in the road to Net Zero.. - Online software to measure your carbon footprint. - Training. - Support. - Development of a Pledge & Plan. - UN certified partners audit your data to prove your carbon footprint. - Annual certificate to promote your commitment to Net Zero

Ink II. - Black Mandrake, India ink on stained paper, . - Wolfsbane, India ink on stained paper, . - High John, India ink on stained paper, . - Belladonna, India Ink on stained paper, . - Datura paper talismans, . - Regina Bombina, ink, . I have begun creating ink drawings of my plant inspired sigilla magica designs. Some of the designs are already  years old. Single ink drawings have been included with orders and I create them on request for friends and customers. They are drawn on coffee stained paper, infused with the corresponding plant extracts and wormwood tincture. The goal will be an entire series for display. However, sticking to this method, would mean first of all having to create tinctures of every herb I already designed sigils for. That is still a long way to go, but the start has been made.. Media: India ink on coffee stained paper, infused with extracts of wormwood. Sigilla Magica by Wiebke Rost . X.A.  -. Advertisements

Successful Gardening on the Northern Prairie Featuring Eric Bergeson. Learn how to grow plants in the cold climate of the Northern Prairie from author Eric Bergeson, who will return to share helpful tips and information for gardeners on the plains of Minnesota and North Dakota. Bergeson will share from his latest book, Successful Gardening on the Northern Prairie, which is an easy-to-read, commonsense manual for gardeners.. April . 3 PM at the New Life Lutheran Church, Rothsay.  PM at the Detroit Lakes Public Library. April .  PM at the Halstad Living Center & Heritage House.  PM at the Barnesville Public Library. April .  PM at the Ulen LINK Site.  PM at the Hawley Public Library. :3 PM at the Lake Park City Center. April .  PM at the Crookston Public Library. :3 PM at the Moorhead Public Library

True molecular solutions of natural cellulose in the binary ionic liquid-containing solvent mixtures.
Evidence is presented for the first time of true molecular dissolution of cellulose in binary mixtures of common polar organic solvents with ionic liquid. Cryogenic transmission electron microscopy, small-angle neutron-, X-ray- and static light scattering were used to investigate the structure of cellulose solutions in mixture of dimethyl formamide and -ethyl-3-methylimidazolium acetate. Structural information on the dissolved chains average molecular weight    gmol; gyration radius  3 nm, persistence length  . nm, indicate the absence of significant aggregation of the dissolved chains and the calculated value of the second virial coefficient  .  -mol mlg indicates that this solvent system is a good solvent for cellulose. More facile dissolution of cellulose could be achieved in solvent mixtures that exhibit the highest electrical conductivity. Highly concentrated cellulose solution in pure ionic liquid  wt. prepared according to novel method, utilizing the rapid evaporation of a volatile co-solvent in binary solvent mixtures at superheated conditions, shows insignificant cellulose molecular aggregation.

Oliver Roeder goes through the bottom of BoardGameGeeks rankings, noting that games based solely on luck, like Candy Land or The Game Of Life, typically rate the lowest among more serious board-gamers. Monopoly, despite the higher level of skill it requires, doesnt fare well either:. Probably Roeder defends the bad board games as well:.. The best-rated game? Twilight Struggle. Previous Dish here on another massively popular strategy game, Settlers of Catan.

A report released May , , from the National Research Council reiterates the pressing need for substantial action to limit the magnitude of climate change and to prepare.... More . Unless otherwise noted, all text is available under the. terms of the. Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike license..  Neutrality Policy. Supported by the. Environmental Information Coalition. and the. National Council for Science and the Environment.

Employers cannot force employees to retire at  without a clear justification in each case after a ruling by the UKs Supreme Court yesterday.. Five justices ruled that Leslie Seldon, a partner in a Kent firm, had not been treated unfairly when compulsorily retired at . But they sent his case back to the employment tribunal to consider whether the mandatory age of , in the circumstances of the law firm, was a proportionate means of achieving the legitimate aims of the partnership.. The ruling sets out new guidance for firms and companies, making clear they can force employees to

Q:

Is there a tool for windows that creates formula-pictures out of a text-formula

I am looking for a tool that would batch process text-files containing formulas possibly latex style and convert them into a gifpngjpg. Since I want to do a batch conversion, the tool ideally runs in cmd.exe.
What I need is probably possible with a latex installation MiKTeX comes to mind, but if not absolutely necessary, I don't want to install MB for my need.
Is there such a tool?

A:

The best solution for quality is to use a full LaTeX installation, and then generate images via command line with e.g. mathTeX.
From my answer to a similar but not duplicate, imho question here at Super User:

MathTeX, licensed under the gpl, is a cgi program that lets you easily embed LaTeX math in your own html pages, blogs, wikis, etc. It parses a LaTeX math expression and immediately emits the corresponding gif or png image, rather than the usual TeX dvi. So just place an html  tag in your document wherever you want to see the corresponding LaTeX expression.

It can either be used as a CGI script on the server and linked directly from the img tag, or run on the command-line to generate standalone image files. From the homepage:

mathTeX is usually run by your web server as a cgi program, obtaining its input expression from the query-string of an html  tag. But you can also run mathTeX from your Unix shell, supplying all input on the command line. For example, .mathtex.cgi xy o equation   renders an image of xy in file equation.gif.

There is actually a related project called mimeTeX that sounds more or less exactly like what you want, even though the quality is said to not be as good as with a full LaTeX installation solution as mathTeX uses, and it can naturally not handle all LaTeX cases without a LaTeX installation.
Like mathTeX, it is made primarily with webservers in mind, but in the same way, it can be run from the command line. You don't specify OS, which often indicates Windows, and compilation instructions for Windows are available on the project page linked earlier.

EDIT: I noted that the mimeTeX page provides pre-compiled binaries for Windows as well, under .. Just download that and follow the instructions, as any regular Windows program. If you are on e.g. Debian or Ubuntu, both mimeTeX and mathTeX are part of the main repository.



Happy Holidays from all of us at Base! As a special gift to our Internet friends, Ive created something special for anyone stuck at home this season in need of something to do. Why not brush up on your After Effects skills? Presenting the latest Base Tutorial: D Animation Compositing in After Effects..  Download the tutorial files right here.. This is a popular tutorial I have done for some workshops at SCAD and I have been getting requests on my YouTube Channel for some sort of follow-up to my D Character Animation tutorials. This video goes into detail on how to properly export character animation from Flash and import it into After Effects to combine with background and foreground elements. It also gives a handy trick of how to duplicate a character animation clip to make a convincing shadow.. Anyone whos interested in digital animation should find it useful. Enjoy!

Dinner & Dancing!. Night  is party night!. Central Bournemouth location. Walking distance to all the main attractions. Marsham Court Hotel. Hotel overlooking the sea. Why not give yourself something to look forward to in the middle of winter! Solos is pleased to introduce a mid week party break offering a sociable couple of days in the bustling seaside town of Bournemouth where the break includes dinner and dancing!. Check-in at our hotel. When evening comes, we can enjoy a welcome drink with other Solos guests before dinner in the hotel restaurant. and we suggest party wear for the disco on the second night..

Mid week Moto's  Arncott moto Parc. You are currently using our old player. if you are experiencing issues then you might want to switch to our new player. -. Went for a mid week shred at AMP and there were loads of pro's riding so i thought id best film the action....... Top day, top track. Like it love it spread the feel good fun.

What's the best way to laying out a brochure trifold . x  using InDesign?. Where is your problem? Why not start to work?. A trifold needs to have the fold-in panel slightly smaller in width than the other  panels. The paper thickness determines the appropriate panel size, but for general purposes,  inch smaller for the fold-in should suffix.. For referencing the pages of a trifold, use this numbering scheme: front -- and back -3-.. You can lay this out with two  x . pages OR  single pages arranged in a group of --3 and --. Using the  single page method requires a version of Indesign that allows modifying page sizes. NOTE: you can set up 3 equal size panels, but this can create a folding issue.. To achieve the  inch smaller panel, create guidespages with the following widths: front 3. - 3. - 3. and back 3. - 3. - 3.

Volume 3, Issue 3, Pages 3-3 March . Analgesic Use and the Risk of Hearing Loss in Men. Sharon G. Curhan, MD, ScMa, Roland Eavey, MDb, Josef Shargorodsky, MDac, Gary C. Curhan, MD, ScDad. Abstract. Background. Hearing loss is a common sensory disorder, yet prospective data on potentially modifiable risk factors are limited. Regularly used analgesics, the most commonly used drugs in the US, may be ototoxic and contribute to hearing loss.. Methods.. Results.. Conclusions. Regular use of aspirin, NSAIDs, or acetaminophen increases the risk of hearing loss in men, and the impact is larger on younger individuals.

EASE Employee Assistance Service for Education is an assessment and grief counseling service to employees and their families. In addition EASE provides consultation to managers and supervisors on dealing with emotional issues in the workplace. Please refer to the link for additional information.. EASE provides a monthly newsletter, Connect with EASE. This month's issue is focused on The Importance of Suicide Prevention. Mental health and wellness is too important to ignore!. The District has partnered with Care Solace to promote the health, safety, and well-being of our staff. Care Solace is an online resource to assist staff and their families connect with community-based mental healthcare resources and providers. To access Care Solace services visit, or call  -.

Large Rural Low Energy Pavilion Style Residence..  level Pavilion style residence in pristine NSW North Coast Hilltop location. 3 m total occupied space with low carbon footprint. Embedded floor heating and cooling serving large open spaces with lofted ceilings. kW Solar Energy panels offset up to  of heating and cooling operating costs. This is an example of a quality home that pairs a solar energy system with underfloor heating and cooling. This choice allowed for a solar energy system up to  less in capacity than required for conventional air conditioning. Energy management software indicates that there is no need for external supply power for the heating and cooling system on most days of the year.. Please give us a call on 3  3 to find out more on how we can help integrate a renewable solar PV system with your underfloor heating system.

.. As a result of Mkhitaryans aforementioned demands, Thomas Tuchels side would have to sell him this summer itself in order to avoid losing him for free next year. And because of that, Arsenal now have the chance of signing the player for a bargain price of just m!. Mkhitaryan, who is widely regarded as one of the most technically gifted players of his position, in Europe, was in scintillating form for his club last season during the course of which he scored 3 goals and provided 3 assists in  appearances. He may prove to be a massively useful signing for the Gunners, going by his capability to play as a winger and an attacking midfielder and the amount of big stage experience that he possesses, and may complement the likes of Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez pretty well.

ZincII complexes of the second-generation quinolone antibacterial drug enrofloxacin: Structure and DNA or albumin interaction.
Zinc mononuclear complexes with the second-generation quinolone antibacterial drug enrofloxacin in the absence or presence of a nitrogen donor heterocyclic ligand ,-phenanthroline or ,'-bipyridine have been synthesized and characterized. Enrofloxacin is on deprotonated mode acting as a bidentate ligand coordinated to zinc ion through the ketone and a carboxylato oxygen atoms. The crystal structure of bisenrofloxacinato,-phenanthrolinezincII, , has been determined by X-ray crystallography. The biological activity of the complexes has been evaluated by examining their ability to bind to calf-thymus DNA CT DNA with UV and fluorescence spectroscopies. UV studies of the interaction of the complexes with DNA have shown that they can bind to CT DNA and the DNA binding constants have been calculated. Competitive studies with ethidium bromide EB have shown that the complexes exhibit the ability to displace the DNA-bound EB indicating that they bind to DNA in strong competition with EB for the intercalative binding site. The complexes exhibit good binding propensity to human and bovine serum albumin proteins having relatively high binding constant values.

Rapid response to budesonide Pulmicort inhaled via the Nebuhaler in asthmatic children.
Acute reversible airways obstruction in children, especially those aged under one year, who may respond poorly to inhaled beta -stimulants, is difficult to treat in general practice. In an open study,  episodes in  children, half aged under one year, were treated with budesonide Pulmicort .-. mg used to charge a Nebuhaler fitted with a facemask. In  instances, clinical improvement was observed, and with doses of . mg and above, this usually occurred within  minutes. This study suggests that budesonide via a suitable delivery system can evoke rapid improvement in reversible airways obstruction in young children.

Q:

How to Extract people's last name start with S and first name not start with S

As the title shows, how do I capture a person who:

Last name start with letter S
First name NOT start with letter S

The expression should match the entire last name, not just the first letter, and first name should NOT be matched.
Input string is like the following:

Last name First name
Duncan, Jean
Schmidt, Paul
Sells, Simon
Martin, Jane
Smith, Peter
Stephens, Sheila

This is my regular expression:
S.?:, S

Here is the result I have got:

Schmidt, P
Smith, P

the result included , space & letter P which should be excluded.
The ideal match would be

Schmidt
Smith

A:

You can try this pattern: Sw?, A-RT-Z.
Sw matches any word name in your case that start with S at the beginning,
?, A-RT-Z - positive lookahead - makes sure that what follows, is not the word first name in your case starting with S A-RT-Z includes all caps except S.
Demo



Hi there Apparantly they put two of these dresses together to make a long one...I saw on the X Factor Extra show the other night x.  Answers  Beauty & Style  . Demi Moore. The other pics weren't very good.....:l.  Answers  Beauty & Style  3. ...these eras look at Madonna, cindy lauper, molly ringwald, pricess diana and boy george for the s.. For the s look at people like kate moss and chloe sevigny Hope that helped!.  Answers  Beauty & Style  . ...modern culture: Alexa Chung, Kate Moss , Nicole Richie, Lady Gaga... had them, too, perms, the Diana haircut, Farrah Faucet style, and more recently.... 3 Answers  Beauty & Style  . ...3;s : The Princess of Wales  Diana , Margaret Thatcher, Madonna... icons of 's : Kate Moss , Victoria Beckham, Linda ....  Answers  Beauty & Style  3

The primary field of application for this invention is guidance of unmanned aerial and underwater vehicles. In such applications it is common practice to compute a guidance command that results in a rate of turn that depends on a measurement of heading error. Both the measurement and the command are with respect to an inertial coordinate frame of reference. The guidance command is received and acted upon by a system commonly referred to as an autopilot or stability augmentation system, which in turn sends commands to the vehicles servos andor reaction control devices. This results in a movement of the vehicle's control surfaces, or vectors the thrust produced by the vehicle's propulsion system, or turns on-and-off a reaction control system, or a combination of such means of vehicle control. However vehicles respond to servo command relative to the medium through which they move, and when that medium is also in motion, then the rate of turn that is achieved depends nonlinearly on the speed and direction of the medium through which the vehicle is moving. This dependence can result in degraded or even unstable responses to the guidance system command, particularly for vehicles whose speed relative to the medium is not far greater than the speed of the medium itself e.g. guided parafoils and underwater vehicles.
One approach to this problem is to sense the vector motion of the vehicle relative to the medium through which it is moving as well as its inertial velocity vector. By differencing these two quantities, one can compute the inertial velocity of the medium and provide a correction to the guidance command for that motion. However this requires incorporating devices that sense the vehicle's vector relative motion, which are not normally a part of the existing guidance and control system design. Such sensors in an aircraft are often referred to as an air data system.

Deep brain stimulation of globus pallidus internus in a -year-old boy with severe tourette syndrome and mental retardation.
A - year-old boy with long-standing severe Tourette syndrome TS and mental retardation, non-responsive to complex pharmocological and behavioural treatment was selected for bilateral deep brain stimulation DBS of the globus pallidus internus GPi. Pre-operative and post-operative Yale Tourette syndrome scale YTSS scores and several other scores were used to quantify the effect of DBS up to one year follow-up. Although subscores of the YTSS improved, the overall outcome of chronic GPi-DBS showed no substantial therapeutic effect. This finding is in contrast to markedly improved TS of the only two adolescent TS patients in whom DBS has been performed so far. In this article we discuss possible reasons for the poor therapeutic effect of GPi-DBS in our patient contributing to the on-going debate on DBS inclusion criteria for adolescent TS patients.

Brand: Rubi Tools. Availability: On order. This item will ship when back in stock More Info. Shipping: Standard More Info. The Rubi Tools DC-  Tile Saw  is a capable, accurate professional grade  rail saw designed for cutting large format ceramic, porcelain and stone tiles. It utilizes a single phase, direct drive motor, which puts out . hp and which includes a thermal protector circuit for safety and reliability. The saw frame is rigid and very accurate. The  version cuts tiles up to   long, and with plunge cut, up to  .. The waterpump with variable flow control keeps the blade cool during operation. The plunge-cut capable head rolls smoothly on bearings and the entire head and rail system can be tilted to  for miter cuts.. This saw Includes a  Rubi arrowhead blade.

MIT can detect alien weather, including clouds laced with liquid rock

This site may earn affiliate commissions from the links on this page. Terms of use.

For a long time, simply proving the existence of exoplanets was a big deal. We had over a hundred years of fiction and even non-fiction based on the assumption that our universe is absolutely packed with alien planets  but we simply couldnt prove that they existed. Now, with the list of planets outside our solar system ballooning by dozens or more at a time, the stakes are quite a bit higher. Simply finding and identifying exoplanets is no longer enough to impress, and now you have to actually learn something about them. Thats been the goal of a team from MIT, which this week publishes a piece detailing their pioneering new method for looking at alien weather.

Thats much easier said than done, however, for many of the same reasons that it took so long to confirm the existence of exoplanets in the first place: they are very small and very dark. Most exoplanets have been confirmed thanks to so-called transit in front of their parent star, producing a blown-own planetary silhouette. Astronomers have worked to pull much more useful data from these transits than simple size and speed, and this MIT paper represents a major step toward that goal. By looking at the fluctuations in any light spilling around the edges of an alien world, these researchers can gain some insight into its atmosphere. Particularly, the team can derive some real information about the clouds that sit on top of this atmosphere.

The technique starts with a climate model that uses predicted pressure values to predict how different substances will behave on the surface of a given planet. This gives the team a mixture of gaseous products to model, and the software then looks at how these gasses might interact on the surface of an alien world with particular properties. The software spits out a prediction for the spectrographic readings wed expect to be associated with each of these possible cloud formations. After that, all they need to do is compare their actual readings to the list of predictions  if any of the values fits observation too well to be coincidence, thats probably our culprit.

The team used Kepler b as a test bed for its technique, and their readings suggest that the planet has clouds made of vaporized rock. On Earth these substances would be solid, or at most liquid near the planets interior. However Kepler b is absolutely gargantuan one reason it was one of the first five confirmed exoplanets and orbits less than a twentieth of as far from its star as the Earth does from Sol; sometimes referred to as a hot Jupiter, Kepler is a nightmarish furnace to make Venus look hospitable.

NASAs TESS mission could make even these findings look tame.

These incredible rock-clouds are just another bullet point on the list of reasons exoplanetologists have the coolest scientific conferences. Their results often read like the ramblings of a science fiction author, narrating a magellan-like voyage through a universe far too surreal to ever actually exist. Worlds have been shown to rain diamond, or simply to be composed almost entirely of it. Others have multiple sunsets or abnormally long or short years. Astronomers have found planets that are several times older than our Sun, and others that are younger than our upright ancestors. The search for alien planets is the search for the edges of whats possible, and techniques like this one are proving that we are very far from finding them.

While Kepler was mankinds first tailored planet hunter, NASA is already well underway on its successor: the Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite, or TESS. TESS should take our understanding of exoplanets to a new level, and unlike many areas of astronomy, in this case the tinier the detail of the observation the more relatable it is to the average person. Its hard to imagine a super-Jupiter, but easier to imagine clouds. Exoplanetology will almost certainly be one of the most publicly lauded areas of astronomy in years to come.

Guanethidine-induced adrenergic sympathectomy augments endoneurial perfusion and lowers endoneurial microvascular resistance.
Chronic administration of guanethidine sulfate in the rat induces a selective adrenergic neuropathy. We studied the effects of guanethidine-induced adrenergic sympathectomy on rat sciatic nerve blood flow NBF, microvascular resistance MR, vessel caliber and norepinephrine NE content. A control group of animals was studied following chronic administration of mammalian Ringer's solution. NBF and MR were measured with an endoneurial microelectrode, using the technique of hydrogen clearance HC. Following HC, the sciatic nerve was perfused with India Ink, removed, frozen and sectioned. Measurements were made of endoneurial microvessel numbers, diameter, circumference and area. The contralateral sciatic nerve was removed for measurements of NE content. In guanethidine-treated animals we observed elevated NBF, reduced MR and dilated microvessels. Numbers of microvessels and fascicular areas were similar to controls. NE content was markedly reduced following sympathectomy. These studies suggest that NBF, unlike cerebral blood flow CBF, is regulated by its adrenergic input. Removal of adrenergic innervation of the vasa nervorum appears to result in a loss of tonic vasoconstrictive action.

Lapis Lazuli Mens Rings. Add-ons have become favored by both men and women, the factors why they choose all of them are very different. Ladies would you like to look great as well as want their outfits becoming completed because of the jewellery they wear. Using this into consideration, a woman will usually use the proper earrings, necklaces or bracelets in line with the garments she has opted for.. Men conversely dont have equivalent factors because the ladies. They could in addition look at the advantages they will have so far as the appearance are worried, however they are additionally into showing their energy and status. Regardless of what they might be using or even for exactly what occasion, males whom like using jewellery will do therefore simply because they would also like to deliver an email.

Along with the cost of transportation, it is of extreme importance to take into account the factors like risk while driving, the wear and tear of the road, bad weather condition and many more. All these factors have a direct impact on the safety of your car. So make sure that you have hired experienced and licensed transportation service like provided by auto shipping Danbury team. Going forward with such team can give you enormous benefits and can end up with the worth hiring service.

I'm using a knoppix live cd recommended by uni to compile and run c programs off a usb drive - practice makes perfect. I get compile error messages when not done properly, warning messages, etc which is good. But when I try to run the program nothing happens. So for example, to compile test.c which displays a simple printf statement, I would type:. $ gcc -o test test.c. Then to run the program, I type:. $ test. And nothing happens. It just goes to the next line, ready to take in another command. Why?

Welcome to the Discussion Room for MHPSS in Africa. This room aims to facilitate the sharing of experiences, lessons learned, and good practices on integrating MHPSS into peacebuilding in the African.. 3 Good Evening from Here. I appreciate seeing this discussion being on board and am more interested in being part of it. I will start with little thoughts on this topic.

Development Strategy and Feasibility Study of Income Generation Projects in Machakhela National Parks. Commissioned by UNDP, the Goal of the project was to identify potential income generation projects for Machakhela National Park and prepare technical and economic feasibility analysis regarding the selected projects, evaluate the risks associated with the implementation of the projects in terms of their impact on environment and biodiversity and provide relevant risk mitigation strategy. Except that, the impact assessment of new road to Chakvistavi village on Mtirala National Park was included as the part of the project. The main purpose of the impact assessment was to identify actions to maximize benefits for the NP and mitigate potential negative impacts caused by increased number of visitors due to improved access.

Regardless of the amount by which personal lending increases, what is important is the availability of help for those who get themselves into difficulty, and we may see an increase in the number of people in difficulty if interest rates rise towards the end of the year. I know that that would cause pain to a great many of our constituents, so it is important to get the system right now.

With a supportive FCA framework already in place, a fairly minor amendment to the Bill could effectively set a fee structure that would activate the provision of free debt management plans by authorised firms. I hope that my Front-Bench colleagues agree that action is needed soon, and that the Bill represents a timely vehicle for the necessary change.

I believe this to be a truly cross-party issue, and that the Bill needs to be amended to give people in debt more security and access to free, high-quality plans that help them to manage their finances. If interest rates do go up any time soon, the debt management sector may be called on to give even more support than it provides now, and this is therefore a good time to strengthen the system.

PetersHosts IT Services. Four Areas of Service. Staffing Support. Special projects, cyclical or seasonal business, or extended vacations put strain on your existing IT resources and the organization's ability to meet its demands.. ExpertiseSpecialization. Even the largest organizations don't staff for every project they might implement. There are times when you'll need a specific level of expertise to look at plans, offer advice, assist in the roll out of a project, or become part of a project.. Projects.. Strategic IT Consulting Services. Because your business relies so heavily on technology, it is critical that your technology is aligned with and supports your business goals and meets outside requirements - such as compliance and security-head on.. ServicesCompetencies

Establishment of a turkey cecal cell line and development of turkey coccidia within the cells.
Cells were dispersed from cecal tissues of - to -day-old turkeys using a mixture of collagenase and dispase to enrich for epithelial cells. The initial culture produced from these cells TCC appeared to be heterogeneous, but, as the cells were cultured through  passages, they assumed a more fibroblastic appearance. Cellular invasion of the TCC by two species of turkey coccidia, Eimeria adenoeides and Eimeria meleagrimitis, was not enhanced, as compared with invasion in turkey kidney cells TKC, the cell culture system standardly used to study the avian coccidia in vitro. However, early development by one of the species, E. meleagrimitis, was markedly increased in the TCC Passages  through  over that in TKC. Thirty to  of the parasites that invaded the TCC developed beyond the sporozoite stage, as compared with  development in TKC. Mature first-generation schizonts were observed within  hr postinoculation in the TCC, but not until  hr in the kidney cells. There was no evidence that development of the second generation was initiated in either the TCC or kidney cells.

Search the Community. Showing results for tags 'fruit tree pruning'.. Found  result. Cooperative Extension Class. Hal posted a topic in Hobby ChatAdam and myself attended a fruit tree pruning course at Riesingers Orchards this morning . From : am till noon but a fast  hours as we toured all the different sections . We were shown how to read the tree , see how its growing and were given insights as to different varieties . Things have really changed in the world of fruit trees since I got my certification in horticulture in H.S. ! Now you can concentrate more trees in a smaller area , in fact they actually grow better when closer together . It was a beautiful day for it but up on the hillside of Seneca Lake it was sunny but cold still . A day well spent learning new things with some good people !

Prev Page Next Page  Contents. Strategic management and the articulation of strategic and business plans are essential in the context of the electronic library. The 'access' model with its more selective investment in materials for central holding or permanent retention requires a better understanding of user needs. More than ever before, libraries will have to formulate plans in close consultation with users and other stakeholders as part of an overall information strategy in support of the organisation's objectives. Extensive dependence on information systems and an effective IT infrastructure demand integrated planning of library and computing services.. Prev Page Next Page  Contents. UKOLN Home Page Papers and Reports British Library Papers and Reports 

Five years ago, Bruce R. Spector was a partner in a little Washington cable TV company when he thought he saw the future. And for all the breathless whiz-bang hype of the Information Age, it wasn't cable.. Humble as it seemed -- and as pitiful a financial shape as it was in after a series of failed or struggling leveraged buyouts -- Spector and partner Joseph L. Mathias IV decided the future was radio. Based on that insight, they launched Benchmark Communications, a Baltimore company they hope to take public later this year, one that an industry peer says could be worth up to $ million.. Benchmark has been on an acquisition spree since Congress approved the Telecommunications Act of , which let companies such as Benchmark own many more stations in the same radio markets. This month alone, it has bought six stations to bring its total to 33, all in the southeastern United States, in small cities where the company can avoid such giant players as Westinghouse Electric Corp.

The video recording for this session is in two parts part a and part b. John Adegoke, CIPPE. Data Protection and Privacy Specialist. Accomplished professional with hands on experience and expertise in developing, implementing and managing data protection, information governance and privacy programmes, assuring compliance; an advocate for security and privacy by design principles. A fully qualified and Certified Information Privacy Professional specialising in the EUUK General Data Protection Regulations.. Extensive experience spanning over  years working in the Private, Charity and Social Enterprise Sectors.. If you would like to know more about the impact GDPR has on your organisation, either get in touch for a conversation or fill in our form to request support from us.

Associate Professor, Department of Chemical Engineering. Office: 3 Gleeson. Tel:  3-3. EMPLOYMENT HISTORY:. Oregon State University, Chemical Engineering, 3 - Present. Belgrade University, Chemical Engineering,  - . Belgrade University, School of Technology, Associate Dean, . - . Dr. Jovanovic is currently leading the project 'Micro Chemical. Reactor System for Dechlorination of Chlorinated Aromatic Hydrocarbons'. DOE.. In the bio-area Dr. Jovanovic is working on the development of. a new class of highly miniaturized, fluidics-based devices capable. of performing combinatorial testing on immobilized or encapsulated. biomaterials NSF, DARPA.. Dr. Jovanovic is also interested in the development of unit operations. and chemical processes for space applications. He is currently leading. a research project in the area of Micro-gravity-compatible. Chemical Processes for Long Space Missions NASA.

When I first started diving, I experienced quite a bit of motion sickness. It would never be a problem before a dive, but it would be a real problem upon surfacing. I would feel nauseaus at the surface and on the boat, and the feeling would slowly fade once back on land.. I learned a few tricks to minimize motion sickness. Medication probably helped the most, but I also ate better and drank more water. I also chugged a special soda immediately before diving; the soda contains an acid that counters motion sickness.. Over time, I noticed that my motion sickness decreased. I would dive unprepared, which is to say I hadnt taken the medication or drank the soda, but I would feel relatively well after the dive.. I still take all precautions before a dive, just in case. However, it seems that the body adapts and naturally becomes less susceptible to motion sickness over time.. Good tips for combating motion sickness while diving!

London, England-based Rocket Licensing and US-based Licensing Street have signed on to rep 3Line Medias in association with twofour Abu Dhabi reading-themed preschool property Driver Dans Story Train.. Rocket will work with the IPs existing licensing and retail partners throughout this year and 3, helping to build promotional programs, special events, live appearances, enhanced online initiatives and magazine press.. Licensing Street, meanwhile, is promoting the brand and looking for potential licensees at next months Licensing Show in Las Vegas.. The Driver Dans Story Train TV series, which launched on CBeebies February , was created by childrens authorillustrator Rebecca Elgar and follows the adventures of Driver Dan, a train-driving lion who enjoys reading stories and having fun with his friends.. The latest deals come after twofour signed a raft of international broadcasting deals for the IP in February.

Health Care In The Suburbs: An Analysis Of Suburban Poverty And Health Care Access.
There are . million Americans living in poverty in the suburbs-more than in cities or rural communities. Despite recent increases in suburban poverty, the perception of the suburbs as areas of uniform affluence remains, and there has been little research into health care barriers experienced by people living in these areas. The objectives of this study were to compare patterns of insurance coverage and health care access in suburban, urban, and rural areas using national survey data from  to  and to compare outcomes by geography before and after the Affordable Care Act took effect. We found that nearly  percent of the uninsured population lived in suburban areas. Though unadjusted rates of health care access were better in suburban areas, compared to urban and rural communities, this advantage was greatly reduced after income and other demographics are accounted for. Overall, a substantial portion of the US population residing in the suburbs lacked health insurance and experienced difficulties accessing care. Increased policy attention is needed to address these challenges for vulnerable populations living in the suburbs.

Edit This Favorite

Title III Ruling to Effect Real Estate Market? 3 Experts Weigh In

Friday marked a big win for entrepreneurs and the everyday consumer when the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC voted 3- for the next step in equity crowd funding. The approval of Title III of the JOBS Act is a long-awaited ruling that has both experts and consumers talking about the impact it will have on our country's economyand the real estate market.

Once the ruling goes into effect, companies can be financed by anyone with the cash to opt in, without undergoing the public registration process. This is a huge move, as it's the first time in the history of the SEC that's  years! that retail investors---otherwise known as your everyday joe--will be able to invest in private businesses.

So how will this impact the real estate market? Below, three industry experts weigh in on what the ruling will mean for our economy, and the $. billion real estate crowdfunding industry.

Scott Picken, author of Property Going Global and CEO and founder of Wealth Migrate, the th largest global real estate crowdfunding platform.I dont believe there is going to be a catalytic change overnight, but this will have a catalytic affect in the long term. The bottom line is that the wealth gap, the difference between the haves and the have nots, is the greatest challenge we have on the planet, and it is only getting worse. Now with technology and this change in legislation, the bottom  percent will have the same access to the same opportunities and partners as the top  percent. What most people dont understand is that this will have a big impact in America, but a far greater impact in the emerging world. This is going to change the real estate industry forever and also put a case forward to a global change in legislation.Marshall Saunders, co-founder and managing partner of SaundersDailey, a real estate crowdfunding platform connecting investors to residential real estate opportunities in select markets throughout the Midwest.The ruling is not as wide open and accepting of non-accredited investors as I had hoped for. But it's a start. We will make the best out of the rules and will consider it a toe in the door. With good results, and consumer demand, we will see that door opening wider and wider in the coming years. The bottom line is that non-accredited investors now have a way of participating in equity crowdfunding. It will change the way America invests, both in business startups and real estate. The wait has been hard, but understandable. The U.S. Congress has no idea the magnitude of what it was dumping on the SEC when it passed the JOBS Act in . Given that fact, the SEC has done the best that they can to move this forward.

Title III was never intended to have a competitive impact on the established markets. By design it's intended to enable entrepreneurs and real estate sponsors that have had difficulty raising much-needed capital from traditional channels to be able to do so more efficiently from individual investors, which is precisely what it will facilitate and make a meaningful impact on for those that access this new ecosystem.

Only time will tell exactly how Title III will impact real estate, but it seems as if times are changing, 3-.

GreenLink

GreenLink aims to provide transparency throughout the supply chain by forming a backbone on which applications can be layered on, such as through the proof-of-certificate application, which allows consumers to partake in a new form of product verification process and enable businesses to be digitally certified on their platform. GreenLink is airdropping  IMPACT tokens to their community members. Participate in both the drops to receive a minimum of  IMPACT tokens.

Airdrop Rating May take a while to complete all required tasks as it needs different accounts. You also need to make a screenshot of the tasks you did and attached it to the airdrop form. All in all, simple and easy airdrop tasks. .  

Airdrop Details

Window Curtain Rods Types come in a wide range of styles, colors, sizes and designs, and can greatly improve the appearance of your window decor. These are two types of window curtain rods.. Magnetic window curtain rods types; Magnetic window curtain rods are solid metal rods designed to fit the windows made of metal. These rods requires no tools to install, and because of the strong magnetization, the grip securely and firmly to the metal and can hold curtains weighing up to  kg. They come in a variety of sizes and colors..  Photos Gallery of: Window Curtain Rods Types. Tension window curtain rods types; Tension window curtain rods held in place by pressure from an internal spring and do not require hardware installation. They are usually placed inside a windowsill and works well on windows with elaborate woodwork that would be damaged by the usual curtain rods. These rods work best with lighter weight curtains, weightier curtains can pull them down.

more recipes like:. It's easy to make your own delicious granola! Mix together your favorite grains, seeds and nuts, then bake.. Chili, brats, and more to feed your hungry football fans.. Cheer on your team with a little something sweet.. Delicious recipes, party ideas, and cooking tips! Get a year of Allrecipes magazine for $.!. Read our allrecipes.com blog

Top 3 Best Android Fashion Apps Reviews

Top 3 Best Android Fashion Apps Reviews : The Internet has now changed the way we think about fashion. There was a time when people had to search the market physically and roam around all day just to buy a scarf or a pair of jeans, but now, things have changed to a whole another level. Now, everything that you want is just a search away.

Now, you can not only buy stuff online, in fact, you can also keep yourself updated about the latest fashion trends in the world. Its just amazing how we have all the access to fashion now, you just type a word and your screen gets bombarded with results and sites that are waiting for so long to be explored by you.

Now, if you are a fashionista who loves to buy things online and keep herself updated about the latest fashion trends in the world then you are at the right place, reading the right article. Today we are going to jot down some of the best Android fashion apps that have the best quality stuff to buy, and some of them even have a blog section where you can learn a lot about styling yourself according to a particular event or weather.

Etsy

Etsy App

Etsy is one of the best and the most used fashion apps in the world because it has literally millions of things that you can buy just with a click. This application is for free which is again the best part, and you just have to pay the money for the stuff you buy on it. Etsy comes with everything that makes you a fashionista. From jewelry to clothes to furniture and home decor etc, here you will find each and everything. Theres even a search engine on this app where you just type an item that you are looking for and Etsy will bring the results of it to you within seconds.

The Hunt

Hunt App

A marketplace just like Etsy but a little more advanced and helpful because here people can even post stuff and use it as a blog. Most of the times, what happens is that a person uploads a picture of an item asking for the different prices from people who have already bought it, and then these other people help the buyers in getting a cheaper version of the same thing. You can say that this application also allows you to compare prices for products so that you end up spending the right money on the right item. There are a few downsides to this application, and that is the presence of bugs, but on the other hand you wont find any other fashion community like the one thats present on the Hunt. This is why you should always read reviews of a site or a product before buying it from sites like Top Reviews Site. This can help you get a clearer idea of what you are spending your money and time on.

Pinterest

Pinterest App

A lot of apps integrate with Pinterest, and well, theres no introduction required about this application. Pinterest is like the best place for someone whos into fashion, whos into home decor and styling etc. Here people post a lot of DIY stuff and well, this place has everything that one can wish for. For example, if you want to make a cabinet on your own then here on Pinterest you can find some easy DIY steps to do that. Its a magical platform that is a must for every Android user.

Conclusion

These are some of the best and the most famous Android applications for all the fashion lovers out there. So, now without wasting any further time, just get your hands on any one of the above-mentioned apps or download them all to get the best fashion experience ever.

Georges Vigouroux. The Vigouroux family pride themselves on being specialists in France when it comes to the production of Malbec wines and hospitality. Since , four generations of the family have focused on this varietal, maintaining continued techniques, passion and know-how in order to produce some of the finest expressions of French Malbec on the market. Today th generation winemaker Bertrand-Gabriel Vigouroux looks after the winemaking and has strong bonds with top Argentinean winemakers. In addition to being French Malbec experts, the Vigouroux family own the Medieval Castle of Mercus: a Relais & Chateaux in Cahors with a one star Michelin Chef

No products. 3. Aids in adding detail and clarity to your briefings and orders. Kit consists of a combination of weatherproof military symbols and high visibility labels and cue cards including Coy HQ, RV, FUP, Enemy, Plt, Sect and Fire Team markers. Neatly packs into pocket-sized weatherproof tobacco box.. Size:  x .3 x 3 cm.. Weight: g. Low on stock!. Due in around:. Our Custom ZAP Patches are stitched onto a....  .. Length cm .  pack Steel wire.  ..  .. This is a compact but highly useful first aid....  .

The VSG expression sites of Trypanosoma brucei: multipurpose tools for the adaptation of the parasite to mammalian hosts.
The variant surface glycoprotein VSG genes of Trypanosoma brucei are transcribed in telomeric loci termed VSG expression sites ESs. Despite permanent initiation of transcription in most if not all of these multiple loci, RNA elongation is abortive except in bloodstream forms where full transcription up to the VSG occurs only in a single ES at a time. The ESs active in bloodstream forms are polycistronic and contain several genes in addition to the VSG, named ES-associated genes ESAGs. So far  ESAGs have been identified, some of which are present only in some ESs. Most of these genes encode surface proteins and this list includes different glycosyl phosphatidyl inositol GPI-anchored proteins such as the heterodimeric receptor for the host transferrin ESAG, integral membrane proteins such as the receptor-like transmembrane adenylyl cyclase ESAG and a surface transporter ESAG. An interesting exception is ESAG, which may encode a cell cycle regulator involved in the differentiation of long slender into short stumpy bloodstream forms. Several ESAGs belong to multigene families including pseudogenes and members transcribed out of the ESs, named genes related to ESAGs GRESAGs. However, some ESAGs ,  and  appear to be restricted to the ESs. Most of these genes can be deleted from the active ES without apparently affecting the phenotype of bloodstream form trypanosomes, probably either due to the expression of ESAGs from 'inactive' ESs ESAG or due to the expression of GRESAGs in particular, GRESAGs and GRESAGs. At least three ESAGs ESAG, ESAG and SRA share the evolutionary origin of VSGs. The presence of these latter genes in ESs may confer an increased capacity of the parasite for adaptation to various mammalian hosts, as suggested in the case of ESAG and proven for SRA, which allows T. brucei to infect humans. Similarly, the existence of a collection of slightly different ESAGs in the multiple ESs might provide the parasite with adenylyl cyclase isoforms that may regulate growth in response to different environmental conditions. The high transcription rate and high recombination level that prevail in VSG ESs may have favored the generation andor recruitment in these sites of genes whose hyper-evolution allows adaptation to a larger variety of hosts.

HomeWomenReady to Wear. Christopher Esber. Australian designer Christopher Esber established his brand in , and has built a global reputation for his tailoring precision and purity of expression. His background in tailoring has allowed the integration of structural menswear techniques throughout the collection. Christopher employs to create silhouettes of structured fluidity that whisper rather than shout.

Also in this issue, three school districts  LeRoy, Cairo, and Wheaton Warrenville  have developed community engagement programs, and IASB offers further education in this important work. In addition, Arlington Heights-based THSD  shares its comprehensive plan for engaging the community with a centennial celebration.. The full digital version of the NovemberDecember Journal also includes an article about high-stakes testing  mandatory, necessary, and otherwise  in an article by Steve Cordogan. The Journal also includes a report by Steven Baule featuring Illinois school districts' responses to a : technology survey.. Look for the Journal in your mailbox, or click here to read the full digital version.

These golf shoes are clearly geared towards the younger crowd and why not with a young upstart golfer in Rickie Fowler as their spokesman, Puma clearly knows the direction they're going in. So would I, a  year old hacker, father of 3 be able to rock these pastel head turners. Read on!

Features
Last year I had the opportunity to review some Puma Tipper Golf Shoes and was thoroughly impressed with the technology used in the shoes to make them so lightweight yet so sturdy for all kinds of golfing conditions. This Special Edition Cell Fusion model doesn't disappoint. You notice right away from holding the SE model the Smart Quill technology. This year Puma takes it to another level with replaceable SmartQuill spikes with Fast Twist  directional locking technology for more grip. The Smart Quills combined with the iCell technology in the forefoot and heel of the shoe makes this not only more comfortable than the Tippers I reviewed but also give you better traction to the ground during your swing.

Looks
Puma doesn't pull any punches with its SE Cell Fusion model. The retro two-tone Puma stripe in yellow and green is eye catching to say the least. When I first wore them you should of heard the comments from my fashion conscience daughters as well from some of my playing partners. With the crystal blue base these are the slickest golf shoes Puma has released. It took some getting use to, the color combination but after awhile wearing with them with a Puma shirt and pants with similar color palettes I quickly got over it. From the pictures you'll also note the contrasting piping shoelaces. Puma gives you three extra sets of shoe laces to change it up whenever you like, a nice touch.

Feel and Comfort
After a few rounds, the SE Puma Cell Fusions proved to be a great lightweight, sturdy and comfortable golf shoe. I wore them straight out of the box no break in period here. My feet never seem to get tired or fatigued even in the heat we've been getting recently in the Ottawa area. The Smart Quill spikes provided great traction for all types of golf shots whether it was on the fairway, the bunker or the rough. The Cell Fusion's waterproof full-grain leather upper managed to keep me dry in some torrential rains recently and that can't be said for all golf shoes.

Conclusion
If you want a retro stylish looking golf shoe that Rickie Fowler wears, the SE Cell Fusion fits the bill. If you're a little more conservation the Cell Fusion's also comes in BlackWhiteRed and WhiteSnorkel Blue. Don't worry if you have a hard time matching them with rest of your golf wardrobe because Puma has some great SE apparel to go along with these shoes. Stay tuned for more reviews!

After a bit of getting use to I even managed to pull off wearing these golf shoes. How can you not like golf shoes that are so lightweight and comfortable and actually help your golf game. Better traction and stability awaits you with the Cell Fusion Special Edition Golf Shoes . SE Cell Fusion shoes can be bought online at the Puma Store. Retail value $. USD. Trendy Golf also sells them as well as Fairway Styles.

Dutch is the sole official language, and is the language of education, government, business, and the media. Over  of the population speaks Dutch as a mother tongue,3 and most of the rest of the population speaks it as a second language. In  Suriname became an associate member of the Dutch Language Union... and Portuguese are also used.. The public discourse about Surinames languages is a part of an ongoing debate about the countrys national identity. The use of the popular Sranan became associated with nationalist politics after its public use by former dictator Dsi Bouterse in the s, and groups descended from escaped slaves might resent it. Some propose to change the national language to English, so as to improve links to the Caribbean and North America, or to Spanish, as a nod to Surinames location in South America, although it has no Spanish-speaking neighbours.

Careers

The ACLU of Southern California is an equal opportunity employer. We value a diverse workforce and an inclusive culture. We encourage applications from all qualified individuals without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, national origin, marital status, citizenship, disability and veteran status.

The ACLU SoCal undertakes affirmative action strategies in its recruitment and employment efforts to assure that persons with disabilities have full opportunities for employment in all positions. See current listings at other ACLU affiliates.

The ACLU of Southern California seeks a Human Resources Director to join the organization and support its offices in San Bernardino, Santa Ana and Bakersfield. The Human Resources Director guides and manages the ACLU of Southern Californias human resources services, policies, and programs

The American Civil Liberties Union of Southern California ACLU SoCal seeks to hire an experienced full-time Individual Giving Manager to manage and engage a portfolio of major gift level donors giving to the affiliate and national.

The ACLU Foundation of Southern California ACLU SoCal seeks applicants for a senior-level Staff Attorney position to focus civil and human rights concerns in the Kern County region, with a particular focus on immigrants' rights and policing issues.

A person has to live in a house for it not to break down.. If the mother can't break the attachment, they say that the baby can't leave this world. For him to be happy in a good place you must send the child that you must send... and you must live.. Follow AzQuotes on Facebook, Twitter and Google. Every day we present the best quotes! Improve yourself, find your inspiration, share with friends. or simply:

The Walt Disney Company is well known for supporting Childrens Hospitals in the communities where it has a presence. In Florida theyve built a whole pavilion for the Florida Hospital for Children. In California, the support for the Childrens Hospital of Orange County is great. That tradition will continue with the opening of Shanghai Disney Resort with Disney donating $3. million USD to fund Disney-themed play spaces and therapeutic play activities at childrens hospitals across China.

Disney Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Bob Iger announced the gift at the Shanghai Childrens Medical Center. Over the course of the five-year program, the donation will provide more than  hospitals in China with play rooms and therapeutic play activities. Disney will also donate Shanghai Disneyland theme park tickets to support children and their families as they undergo and recover from treatment.

In honor of the grand opening of Shanghai Disney Resort, we are creating a bit of Disney magic where it is needed most. With our gift of million RMB and tickets to our new theme park, we hope to bring happiness and laughter to children and families in hospitals across the country by creating opportunities to play and spend quality time together, Iger said.

The donation will be administered by the Shanghai Charity Foundation for childrens hospitals in and around Shanghai, and by the China Soong Ching Ling Foundation for hospitals in the rest of China. The play curriculum and training will be designed and implemented by Right To Play, an international non-profit organization that uses the transformative power of play to educate and empower children to overcome adversity.

Over the past few years, the Shanghai Childrens Medical Center has built several childrens play spaces with support from The Walt Disney Company, said Jiang Zhongyi, Director of Shanghai Childrens Medical Center. This new fund not only showcases Disneys social responsibility and support for children, but also helps promote innovative new therapeutic play concepts that are helping transform childrens healthcare.

Disneys support of childrens hospitals dates back to the 3s when Walt Disney would visit with children, often accompanied by Disney characters and animators. Today that support includes millions of dollars in annual grants and donations that provide play spaces, theme park tickets, first-run movies, care packages, in-kind support, and hospital visits from beloved Disney characters.

Disney has already supported several childrens hospitals in Shanghai through the development of play spaces, play therapy training, and character visits. Disney VoluntEARS have made more than  hospital visits and benefited more than , children and their families.

Complete & Balanced Food for Puppies and Adult Dogs of All Breeds. Protein-rich, Montego WUMA! is premium range that provides the energy and vitality dogs need for an active, healthy lifestyle.. WHY CHOOSE WUMA!?. The Montego WUMA! range is formulated to ensure your dog lives life to the fullest. Bold, nutritious and balanced, WUMA! is suitable for adult dogs and puppies with normal to energetic activity levels.

Dispatch to Lady Justice. Service & Advocacy Pre-Show Events. This summer we're bringing together band members, local leaders, and fans before each show for an afternoon of service and advocacy to invest in the communities hosting us and the issues DISPATCH has lifted up over the years. Volunteers will cycle through a series of -minute stations to help support the work of our community partners.. Red Rocks. Red Rocks. Thanks for joining us! Check out video from the event here.. PC: Ben Heider. Vienna. Thanks for joining us!. PC: Ben Heider. Portland. PC: Ben Heider. Service and advocacy will include:. - supporting gun violence survivors and advocating for prevention policies. - preventing sexual violence with Calling All Crows' HereForTheMusic training. - alleviating hunger with local food pantrieskitchens. ...and more!

Movies nowadays typically rely on technology to create sound effects, but classic films were created a little differently. Watch and learn what simple object was used on a musical instrument to create the powerful roar of Godzilla.. Thanks for subscribing.. To verify your subscription, please check your inbox for our confirmation email.. click anywhere to close

The present invention relates to an endoscope and a sheath which detachably covers an inserting tube of the endoscope.
Conventionally, the inserting tube of an endoscope is covered with a detachable sheath that is exchanged and discarded after each endoscopic inspection in order to prevent infection between patients via the endoscope.
The sheath includes an elastic tubular portion for covering the inserting tube and a cylindrical supporting portion connected to the proximal end of the tubular portion so as to allow the inserting tube to be inserted into the tubular portion through the supporting portion. The supporting portion is provided with an air feeding conduit for feeding air into and thereby inflating the tubular portion, and a packing for sealing a gap around the inserting tube being passed therethrough to prevent leaking of the air fed into the tubular portion.
The tubular portion is formed to have an inner diameter smaller than the outer diameter of the inserting tube. When inserting the inserting tube into the tubular portion in order to be covered therewith, the tubular portion is inflated by feeding air into it. The air feeding is stopped after the inserting tube has been fully inserted into the sheath so that the tubular portion shrinks and adheres on the inserting tube. In this manner, the inserting tube is covered with the tubular portion of the sheath without having any portion where the tubular portion floats therefrom. The sheath is put on the inserting tube in a manner as above since a floating portion of the sheath may cause the sheath to be snagged and even torn on a body wall when the inserting tube is inserted into a human body.
The conventional sheath, however, is relatively expensive since it is provided with the packing and the conduit for air feeding. Thus, the sheath has been one of the causes of increasing the endoscopic inspection cost.

Brussels grows specimens only under carefully controlled conditions, meticulously training each tree with wire and pruning over a period of years. If upon the tree's arrival some leaves have dropped or turned slightly brown that does not mean the bonsai is unhealthy. Defoliation is the natural result of being in the low-light environment of a shipping box. When you receive your tree, place the box in a shaded area to unpack. Inspect tree for damage to branches or leaves. Water soil if dry, and place the tree in. For more information on care and training visit Brussel's Bonsai on the Web.

Dates : 3 -  iCal. Toute la journe. WORKSHOP at the University of Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina. Inspired by the long-standing annual US Workshop on Automorphic Forms and Related Topics, this workshop aims to generate and sustain a friendly and supportive atmosphere that provides encouragement to young researchers, mentoring opportunities for more established researchers, as well as a lively forum for exchanging ideas and forming new collaborations. All workshop participants are encouraged to speak on their research. The workshop takes place in the second week of the meeting, which is : 3- July . Due to air-conditioning, the talks will take place in the Business Academy building, School of Economics and Business, University of Sarajevo, Skenderija  . Click here to view the poster.. About the workshop. Talks. The workshop talks will be  and 3. Organizers:. Samuele Anni I. Access. Catgories

THOUGHT LEADERSHIP. Effective IT Spend Analysis:. How to Find the Hidden Costs of Technology Across the Organization? In most cases, the answer is no.. Let's explore how you develop an understanding of the true cost of IT.. IV.. How Do You Know If You Are Ready to Assess the Cloud for Your ERP?. According to industry experts, on-premise Enterprise Resource Planning ERP systems will be replaced with cloud-based ERP systems over the next ten years.. If organizational leadership can answer yes to these questions, it is the right time for them to assess the cloud.. Optimization is a -Letter Word When Implementing an ERP?

Control Techniques, an Emerson , hp . MW. The new frame  is a  hp  kW module that allows system builders to create high power solutions with the smallest number of components, keeping both footprint and costs to a minimum.. Un  hp to , hp  kW to . MW. The Powerdrive F3 series also features a modular design and can control permanent magnet or standard AC induction motors. This modular approach to building high power systems also provides the flow industry with flexibility while keeping complexity low.

ESMO : Register Now!. Register now for the ESMO  Congress. Late registration deadline:  August .. Join the brightest researchers and clinicians across the globe at the annual oncology event: ESMO .. Individual Registration Third Party Registration Group Registration. Registration fees and deadlines. The ESMO Congress Secretariat must receive one completed registration per participant and the corresponding payment in euros by the given deadlines.. ESMO & EACR member registration fees and deadlines: webcast access included. Applicable to ESMO & EACR download and complete the registration form and return it to registrationesmo.org together with the proof of your patient advocacy group membership..  Applicable to individuals who are members of patient advocacy groups. Proof of membership is mandatory and must be sent at time of registration to registrationesmo.org.. Spanish VAT. ESMO is registered for Spanish VAT and therefore all above mentioned fees include  VAT.. Download files

Arteriovenous malformations of the tongue: a spectrum of disease.
To examine our vascular anomalies team's experience with tongue arteriovenous malformations AVM with specific emphasis on the spectrum on disease and surgical management. Retrospective chart review of  patients  female,  male, discovered from  to  with histological, radiographic, and clinical characteristics consistent with tongue AVM. Four patients displayed advanced disease with malformations involving the tongue, floor of mouth, and neck. Contributions from multiple feeding arteries were identified by angiography as each patient reported a prior history of surgical or embolic procedures. These lesions required preoperative embolization and extensive resection with complex reconstruction mean operating time, . hr. One patient had evidence of recurrent disease mean follow-up, . mo. In contrast, seven patients presented with discreet tongue malformations with a single feeding lingual artery. These patients reported no prior intervention, required only one resection mean operating time, . hr, and have shown no evidence of recurrence mean follow-up,  mo. Slight histologic differences between advanced versus focal tongue AVM were identified. This study suggests that tongue AVM can occur within a spectrum of disease with different clinical presentations, radiographic findings, and histology among patients with focal versus advanced lesions. Inadequate treatment is thought to contribute to collateral flow and disease progression in advanced AVM, making further management difficult. However, focal tongue AVM may represent early lesions that are more amenable to surgical management.

Throw on your cloak, grab your cauldron and beakers and lets get to cookin.. Discoveries is a dice-based worker placement game that uses clever placement and manipulation of your resources in an attempt to compile knowledge of the local. Your options are as limitless as the desert sands, and so must you find a perfect balance of influence over the tribes if you wish. Come. Essen The Game is a light weight pick-up and deliver game taking - players on a journey through the world's largest board game convention. Make. To become the most prosperous nation of the not-so-distant future, you must strike a balance between corporate cash-grabbing and environmental preservation, as you compete with

Recommendations for new riders. Carry extra food and water.. In winter time  Dont rely on minimum lighting requirements. Consider carrying a front light. It is strongly recommended that riders use more that one rear red light.. Wear a reflective vest, reflective leg bands, and other brightly reflective clothing.. Carry a tool kit, spare inner tubes and patches, and perhaps a spare fold-up tire. Be sure your pump is working.. Be prepared for weather. Make sure you take along clothes to protect you from cold and wet conditions.. Mud Guards are strongly recommended.. Ziploc bags are useful for keeping phones & food dry.. Road surfaces vary. Narrow tires suffer more impact punctures but wider tires have more drag. If riding a mountain bike, consider using slick tires.. Use a sensible gear range.. Author: Colm Staunton

Sold out. Dirty Mary. $.. Original handpressed linocut print made by Cakolyre. These prints are the last ones of their kind.. The printed image is approximately , x , inches, without the white border, which can vary because the paper is hand cut.. Printed in professional quality Fabriano paper with Speedball oil based relief ink. The print is signed and numbered once sold. It will be carefully packed for safe transport.

ALZCARE: an information system for screening, management and tracking of demented patients.
The ALZCARE project aims at assisting people at risk or already suffering of dementia, their family and health professionals in the dementia care pathway by providing an integrated ICT-enabled information System. The system consists of a mobile platform for screening people at risk, a Clinical Information System and a satellite-based patient tracking system. The system is currently on the evaluation phase focusing on addressing the needs of citizens of the cross-border areas of Greece and Albania.

Sunset & Mars Viewing Kayak Tour. This event has expired and is here for your information.. This is a specialized paddle down the Chassahowitzka River! We will see the sunset through the palm trees within a diverse natural swamp hammock on a primitive area of the river.. Then as we paddle.. We will also learn about constellations, planets and how the native Indians used the night sky as a calendar and to navigate. Theres no saying what types of nocturnal wildlife and surprises we may see on this adventure!!!. Kayak and all equipment is included. Kayak are fitted with lights for night time navigation and safety.  -3 Hour Tour. Must book an advance to reserve your spot. $. Per Person. Call  Text: 3-- or send request to naturecoastecotoursgmail.com. - $

Music Close Sub-Nav Menu Music Faculty & StaffDegree RequirementsCourse DescriptionsFacilitiesMu Phi Epsilon The. The music students will receive a lot of one on one coursework with the faculty. This gives each student the professional attention that one would receive in their Graduate Studies. Students may choose a major or minor in music. In addition, students may pursue a Virginia Teaching License, with endorsements in Vocal-Choral Music or Instrumental Music, through Randolph-Macon's Music Education Program. Details on program requirements can be found in the course catalog. Our goal at Randolph-Macon is to enable students to utilize music throughout their lives in whatever manner or direction they wish. Music ensembles include Concert Choir, Chamber Singers, Hanover Concert Band, Pep Band, and more.

Weekly Motivation. Dont Worry Be Happy. When you dont get your way, be cheerful about it. Theres no good reason to be any other way.. Being angry, spiteful, resentful, despondent, destroys your effectiveness and repels other people, like your teammates. Thats not going to accomplish anything good.. You cant change the past by being angry about it. What you can do is dramatically improve the present and the future by being cheerful and happy.. When you are happy and cheerful you do better work, attract positive people, improve your relationships and interactions. Be cheerful, and see opportunities that youd otherwise never notice.. Be cheerful, and escape being sizzled by stress and paralyzed by anxiety. Be happy, and reap all the benefits of truly enjoying the moment youre in.. Yes, by all means be realistic. At the same time, be cheerful, happy and position yourself to make the very best of reality.

Immigrants Rally At City Hall. New York City immigrants outside of City Hall Park. New York City immigrants want federal stimulus money to be used for job training and English language education. Chung-Wha Hong, executive director of The New York Immigration Coalition, was one of hundreds gathered in City Hall Park Tuesday, urging government officials to keep immigrant services in next year's budget.. Jose-Luis Zacabelco, an English as a second language teacher in Queens, was at the rally to protest proposed budget cuts to Adult Literacy programs. He says his students need the classes in order to fully participate in the city's economy.. Many mayoral candidates, including City Comptroller William Thompson, spoke at the rally to voice their support for New York's large immigrant community. Immigrants and their children make up two thirds of the city's population.

With During this time I have been fortunate to take on a number of volunteer roles at a national and international level. My initial areas of focus will be good governance, project delivery and sound planning. I look forward to working with our member countries, the Executive Committee and staff to continue the development of DEBRA International.. We can never thank John enough for the commitment and passion he has shown over the years and for his understated but determined leadership. We are glad that he will remain involved with DEBRA and his high-level involvement in EURORDIS will continue to reap benefits for DEBRA and for people living with EB.. I would like to warmly welcome Michael to his new role and wish him the very best of luck in his plans to bring DEBRA International from strength to strength.. Rainer Riedl, President of DEBRA International and Chairman of DEBRA Austria

The present invention relates to methods and apparatus for secure distribution of program content, which are directed to the prevention of unauthorized copying andor distribution of the program content.
Program content may include application programs, such as video game programs, word processing programs, spread sheet programs, etc.; and system programs, such as operating systems, boot programs, etc. Program content, such as computer programs, are typically distributed to end-users by way of transportable storage media, such as CD-ROMs, DVD-ROMs, etc., which contain the program content. Program content may also be distributed to end-users by way of downloading the program content over a network, such as from a server to the user over the Internet.
The conventional methods for distributing program content are not secure because unauthorized copies thereof may be made and shared among a plurality of end-users. For example, if a computer program is distributed to a particular end-user by way of a storage medium, that user may permit unauthorized copies of the computer program to be distributed and stored on equipment controlled by other end-users. Typically, these unauthorized copies are stored on hard disk drives, CD-ROMs, and the like. Similarly, if the computer program is distributed to the end-user by way of transmission over a network, unauthorized copies of the computer program may be made and distributed to other users. For example, once the computer program is stored on the authorized end-user's equipment, he or she may forward a copy of the computer program to another user by way of a storage medium e.g., an optical disk, a magnetic disk, etc. or by way of an attachment to an electronic mail message.
Accordingly, there are needs in the art for new methods and apparatus for the secure distribution of program content to end-users, which ameliorates the problems associated with the proliferation of unauthorized copies of the program content.

With respect to the development of an action plan to increase the equality of women across Canada, announced in the Budget : a what is the time frame for the development of the action plan; b what department will be responsible for developing the action plan; c what monetary resources will be allocated to develop the action plan; d how many full-time equivalents will be allocated to develop the action plan; e will there be any public consultation on the development of the action plan; f what organizations have been consulted; g what organizations will be consulted; h will Canada's commitment under the  Beijing Declaration serve as base for the action plan; i what mechanisms of accountability will be built into the action plan; and j will eliminating systemic discrimination against women be the main objective of the plan?. House of Commons Hansard  of the 3th Parliament, nd Session. The original version is on Parliament's site. The word of the day was chair.

Curious how your email marketing fares against the average email marketer? Silverpops  Email Marketing Metrics Benchmark Study has those figures. Check em:. . Identify the trouble spots. If your open rate is significantly beneath even the average, youre probably dealing with a largely inactive list. That could drive a decision to launch a re-engagement initiative or rethink your acquisition process.. . Use the numbers to lobby for the additional budget resources you need to improve your program. Be sure to focus on the areas that have the greatest potential to help you achieve departmental or corporate goals, such as higher revenue, reduced expenses, more conversions or better customer retention.. Remember, benchmarks tell you whats average, not necessarily whats target for your industry or your program. But they can offer some insight into whats typical and motivate you to keep improving your own program.

Inside Intelligence: About Those Political Plans...

The attorney general has $ million in his campaign account and has done a terrible job of keeping secret his ambition to run for governor of the state. The governor, meanwhile, has three years left in his term, is just back from a fruitless run for president and is trying to knock down any talk that he might be a lame duck. He's done that by saying he might run for another term in the middle office and hasn't ruled out another run for president, should the stars align.

So what if they ran into each other in ? The insiders think Greg Abbott would win. Only a third picked Rick Perry in that hypothetical head-to-head, while  percent would bet on the AG.

We asked about real races, too. With four well-funded candidates from a total of  seeking the Republican nomination for U.S. Senate,  percent of the insiders expect a runoff in that race; about a third expect it to end in the first round, on May .

The only current officeholder in the race for the open seat on the Texas Railroad Commission, state Rep. Warren Chisum, R-Pampa, is the insiders' favorite to win that contest. While  percent chose Chisum, 3 percent think the winner will be Christi Craddick.

We closed with an essay question this week, asking the insiders  on the eve of a new filing period for political races in Texas  who might provide the biggest surprises.

As always, we have attached the full set of verbatim answers to the questions. A sampling follows:

Who would win a Republican gubernatorial primary between Greg Abbott and Rick Perry?

 At this point, just about anybody could beat Perry in the Republican primary--which is why I don't think Perry will run again. If Dewhurst wins a -year U.S. Senate term, even he might decide to challenge Perry. Then, Dewhurst could have the job he always wanted and also appoint his replacement in Washington. Such a deal.

 What are you kidding?! After that presidential debacle it will be ANYBODY BUT PERRY!

 The frost is off that pumpkin. This presidential primary wasn't exactly a Phil Gramm ' failure. It was an embarrassment of the state. His repeated failures were a reflection on all Texans. The R's would rather shoot their own dog than have D's shoot it for them.

 The last Texan to beat Rick Perry in a Texas primary was... Gimme a minute. It'll come to me. Damn, what was his name?

 Question assumes Perry would actually run again, and Abbott would have the political chops to take him on. He doesn't.

 Abbott's main, and perhaps only, argument that he can use in unseating Perry, is that 'it's time for him to go.' That didn't work for KBH. Republicans are going to have a hard time throwing out Perry without a really good reason. What's he done that Republicans have really hated?

 They both appeal to the same segment of Republican primary voters. Perry has long-term relationships on his side, but Abbott has a mostly unvarnished record on his.

Will there be a runoff in the Republican primary for U.S. Senate this year?

 Yes, and it will be ugly.

 Money like love conquers ALL! Hello Senator Dewhurst!

 Dewhurst should have a comfortable margin but under  because of the size of the field.

 Dewhurst will drown out the others on TV and win without a runoff.

 Still can't see a combo of CruzLeppertJames getting to , but the later we keep moving the date back, that probability increases exponentially.

 Whether or not Dewhurst can get to  in the first round is an open question, but he better hope he can. A low turnout runoff would be a nightmare scenario for him, and would render his name ID and financial advantages irrelevant. Look for the Dew to launch a takedown of Cruz in the next couple of months.

 It depends on if some of the lesser candidates continue with their vanity campaigns.

 Absent a major misstep by Dewhurst, there will be no runoff. Polls that say otherwise are not credible.

Who will win the race for Elizabeth Ames Jones' seat on the Texas Railroad Commission?

 Who's for eliminating the agency?

 Not the most-qualified, the one who has worked in the industry for decades. Instead itll likely be the flake whos-out-but-may-now-be-back-in after winning the Ft. Worth straw poll, or the entitled daughter of a certain former speaker, or the far right's favorite legislator.

 In a down ballot this cycle, Chisum's history of social conservatism gives him a huge edge.

 The one woman with the last name people have heard before? Yeah, that one.

 Would hope one of the others, but the name CRADDICK will be the most recognized name in this race

 Becky Berger will be disappointed to learn that 'Inside Intelligence' does not have her in the race. A runoff in the GOP is likely between Craddick and one of the white guys. The winner of that will be the next Commissioner.

 Warren has all of the advantages of experience in the industry, personal connections galore, and decades as a public figure. He's campaigning with all the energy of a -year-older to boot. Christi might make it in politics one day, but this isn't the day.

 All one had to do is look at the resumes. I believe Chisum will be strong and have what it takes to win it. Those that support him publicly, however, will feel the pain next session. Dads hate when someone messes with their daughter.

 Names are powerful. Look at Carrillo, the odds-on, industry-backed favorite, an incumbent no less, getting upended by Porter, a complete unknown. Craddick could win this on name alone.

As soon as election dates are set, the federal redistricting judges have said they will set a new deadline for campaign filing, allowing candidates to sign up for races, to drop out, or to amend filings they made earlier. What will be the biggest surprise? Editor's note: We asked this before the court set a May  primary and a March  filing deadline.

 Pete Gallego might actually have a real race.

 A last minute serious challenger to a 'comfy' incumbent.

 An actual election!

 Doggett switches to U.S. Senate race.

 Debra Medina for Railroad Commissioner

 Who doesn't run again!

 North Texas state senate races

 More House members announcing their retirement.

 No surprises. It's hard to keep a secret in our political world. The birds like to sing.

 If I told you it would not be a surprise.

 How about the biggest surprise is that the courts decided to act after wasting weeks of time and tons of money?

Treatment o f LnS  3  nH  Ln  La, Ce, Pr, Nd, Sm. Eu, Gd ; n -,  with phenelzine dihydrogen sulfate, phzH S  , in  N HS   yields polymeric complexes with the general formula L n S  H  phzH, which contain the phzH cation as a ligand. The compounds have been characterized by elem ental analyses, X-ray powder patterns, thermal methods, magnetic susceptibilities and spectroscopic IR, Raman, electronic diffuse reflec tance and solid-state emission f -f spectra studies. The prepared complexes most probably consist of -coordinated units, formed by four bridging bidentate sulfato groups, two terminal aqua m olecules and one cationic phzH ligand.

Printable Skull Template

Printable Skull Template has become the file we ascertained on the internet from reliable creativity. We constitute one brain to discourse this Printable Skull Template item on this webpage because predicated on conception via Yahoo, Its one of the very best rated concerns keyword on Yahoo Internet Search Engine. And that people also consider you came here were looking for this information, are not You? From many choices on the web were sure this files could be a good item for you, and we sincerely hopefully you are pleased with using what we present.

In this content, you would be offered any files about Printable Skull Template gallery, as :

Skull Template Mini Day Of The Dead Mexico Templates The Dead Mexico And

Free Dead Flowers Coloring Pages

Early Play Templates Skull Masks

Skull Template By Solitairemiles On Deviantart

The Craftinomicon Make Your Own Sugar Skull Embroidery Patterns

Skull Stencils Printable Www Imgkid The Image Kid Has It

Skull Pattern Use The Printable Outline For Crafts Creating Stencils Scrapbooking And More

Lace Sugar Skull 3 How To Embellish A T Shirt 3 Sewing On Cut Out Keep

These are so many great file list that could become your ideas and informational purpose of Printable Skull Template free dead flowers coloring pages ideas for your own collections. Hopefully you are enjoy and lastly will get the best file from our collection that put up here and also use for appropriate needs for personal use. The Webfactories.biz team also provides the file in top quality that can be downloaded simply by way.

You merely have to go through the gallery below the Printable Skull Template free dead flowers coloring pages item. We offer file Printable Skull Template is comparable, because our website give attention to this category, users can understand easily and we show a straightforward theme to search for files that allow a end user to find, if your files are on our website and want to complain, you can file a grievance by sending a contact is offered. The assortment of images Printable Skull Template free dead flowers coloring pages that are selected straight by the Webfactories.biz team.

Printable Skull Template early play templates skull masks

We hope you enjoy and discover one of our own best collection of files and get influenced to decorate your residence.

Then you still have a great day for new fresh inspiration today. Don't forget to tellspread Printable Skull Template early play templates skull masks from our website to your friends, relatives or families near you so they also feel the same with you.

You can download all the files about Printable Skull Template for free. Here are the bundle gallery of Printable Skull Template, if you want the file or such as this post please add with us to share this post to your interpersonal marketing or bookmark this post in your device.

There a wide range of plenty files of Printable Skull Template. You can find out or you can surf any of the files such as. Printable Skull Template free dead flowers coloring pages, Printable Skull Template early play templates skull masks, Printable Skull Template skull template by solitairemiles on deviantart, Skull Template Mini Day Of The Dead Mexico Templates The Dead Mexico And, Free Dead Flowers Coloring Pages, Early Play Templates Skull Masks, Skull Template By Solitairemiles On Deviantart, The Craftinomicon Make Your Own Sugar Skull Embroidery Patterns, Skull Stencils Printable Www Imgkid The Image Kid Has It, Skull Pattern Use The Printable Outline For Crafts Creating Stencils Scrapbooking And More, Lace Sugar Skull 3 How To Embellish A T Shirt 3 Sewing On Cut Out Keep, Free Printable Skull Coloring Pages For, Skull And Crossbones Images Free Cliparts Co and many more.

If the link is busted or the file not entirely on Printable Skull Template, you can contact us to get files that look for
We provide file Printable Skull Template is comparable, because our website concentrate on this category, users can find their way easily and we show a straightforward theme to search for files that allow a customer to search, if your files are on our website and want to complain, you can file a problem by sending a contact is available.

This page requires a MaxPreps membership account.. Don't stress... It's free and easy to setup.. The Bishop Union Broncos volleyball team lost Tuesday's home non-conference match against Mammoth by a score of 3-.. Game Details: Bishop Union. MaxPreps isn't tracking this team's record and points.. A final score has not been reported for this volleyball match. Please help us by reporting the final score.. The Mammoth Huskies volleyball team won Tuesday's away non-conference match against Bishop Union by a score of 3-.

The director of this Firm, Antonio Pedro Rodrguez Bernal, was interviewed by Almudena Cacho in the Radio Programme Ms que Palabras of Radio Euskadi on th December .. The lawyer answered to interesting legal issues arisen on ocassion of the recent discovery of the galleon San Jos, sunken by English ships in Colombian waters in .. You may listen to the lawyers intervention by clicking here minute :3.

Our clinic in Chetek is staffed and equipped to provide a full range of primary and urgent care services. Laboratory and X-ray services are provided on site, and a treatment room is available for procedures. If you require more specialized care, our family medicine physicians can refer you to one of many specialists in Barron, Rice Lake or Eau Claire.

This invention relates to a device for disposing of a recording medium by forming thereon a provisional record of a pattern, such as a picture, and by thereafter processing the provisional record into a final record of the pattern. The device may be, for example, an electrostatic facsimile receiver.
In a facsimile transmission and reception system, a transmitter supplies a receiver or receivers with signals representative of a picture or the like. In a conventional electrostatic facsimile receiver, a continuous recording paper is caused to pass by a recording unit for forming thereon latent images of a plurality of successive pictures and is subsequently fed into a developing and fixing unit for developing and fixing the latent images into visible reproductions of the respective pictures. In such a receiver, particularly for the known runlength-coded signals or for similar signals with redundancy reduction, the speed at which the recording paper runs by the recording unit towards the developing and fixing unit is adjusted in compliance with the speed selected at the transmitter in consideration of the density of lines or the like of each picture. As a result of the variation in the speed of feed, unevenness or irregularity in developing and fixing has been unavoidable to deteriorate the reproduced pictures. Deterioration of a record has been inevitable also in a device for disposing of a continuous sheet or separate sheets of recording medium when the medium is caused to pass by a recording unit towards a provisional record processing unit with various speeds of feed.

Julie Benz. Tweets of the Week: Katy Perry feels like cattle; Elizabeth Banks pases for Rachel McAdams. Posted on -- ::33. Every week celebrities are using Twitter as a forum to make a big announcement or squash a pesky rumor. Check out this week's interesting and often humorous tweets on everyday life. . 'Saw V' gore fest just doesn't cut it. Posted on -- ::. Ah,. . 'Dexter' brings Smits back as a TV crimebuster. Posted. . 'Dexter's' back with twisty new slay ride. Posted on -- ::. The second season of Dexter ended with the serial-killer hero avoiding capture and all those who knew the truth about him dead. So what's a murderer to do when everything's seemingly going his way? . A 'Dexter'-ous start to the season. Posted on -- ::. Cable TV's favorite serial killer, Dexter, is feeling the squeeze as his third season gets under way. One way or another, his run as a one-man vengeance machine could be ending, which makes for very good television.

Unverricht-Lundborg disease with cystatin B gene abnormalities.
The clinical, neurophysiologic, and genetic findings in two Japanese patients with the Unverricht-Lundborg type of progressive myoclonus epilepsy are described. The cystatin B gene of Patient  exhibited expansion of the dodecamer -mer repeat located in the ' region and a point mutation G--A mutation in exon . The cystatin B gene of Patient  exhibited homozygous expansion of the dodecamer repeat. Both parents of Patient  were heterozygous carriers. The two patients had a similar clinical course, and their symptoms were similar to those of previously reported patients in Finland. They both had a good response to zonisamide and low-dose primidone. We recommend that zonisamide and low-dose primidone should be introduced as the first drugs of choice for the treatment of patients with the Unverricht-Lundborg type of progressive myoclonus epilepsy.

Prototype synthesizer. This is a prototype of a hybrid digital-analog musical synthesizer.. An ARM processor implements a digital synthesis engine and provides preliminary post processing through simple digital filters and effects. Richer post processing are done in analog filters banks. The synthesizer also supports external control via MIDI as a plug and play HID USB device.. Links.

The Best Diet for Weight Loss

As an obesity physician, I survey all of my patients about their diets. I also make note of the patients who are the most successful at losing and keeping off their weight. There is ONE trait that every successful patient shares in common. Is it their carbohydrate count? Are they vegans? Do they track their calories on an app? Are they on amphetamines? The answer may shock you. or maybe not.

The answer: They all found their own way to sustainably lower their energy intake.

When I get a new patient coming in for weight loss, I give them my book The Fat Loss Prescription Get through Amazon here,. I tend to push a more Mediterranean style low carbohydrate diet, which focuses on foods that are shown to improve mortality AND satiety the satiety is important for sustainability. But as I work with the patients throughout the months, the diet changes into something that fits the patients personal preferences and life schedule.

Here is just a handful of ways they do it:

They literally keep their same diet, but found a way to eat less of it. Maybe they eat slower now or maybe they keep the extra servings in the kitchen. Many will use salad plates instead of dinner plates to trick their mind into thinking they ate just as much. Some of then do in fact track their calories with an app and when they get to their calorie goal, they stop. This one always makes me smile because I think it is less than ideal but who the hell am I to judge?

They went to a low carb or vegan diet or another diet that restricts food groups. How could I lump these things together? These diets totally cut out either a whole macronutrient like carbohydrates or food groups animal products. Paleo works as well for the same reason. These also entail should anyway increasing vegetables and other high satiety foods. Either way, many will not need to track their calories because their calories will be lowered automatically if they follow the diet correctly.

They replaced meals. People think protein shakes are just for meat heads. However, there is a lot of evidence that replacing your meals with a low energy protein shake will increase your chances at weight loss success. You replace a high calorie meal with a low calorie, high satiating protein shake. Makes sense.

They practice fasting. I have had some patients go to an intermittent fasting style of dieting. Whether they cut - days or restrict when they eat during the day, they find that this works better than just keeping calories controlled all day every day.

I am getting quite annoyed at the arguing over which diet is best for weight loss. There are physicians, researchers, fitness professionals, etc. who demand that their way is best. The most vocal are the low carbohydrate advocates as they blame obesity on insulin. I am an advocate of a low carbohydrate diet especially for my insulin resistantpre diabetictype  diabetic patients. However, you would be astonished at how many of my patients who are successful who do not follow a low carbohydrate diet. It would be nice if we could just shift our efforts from arguing online to helping those who are actually in need of weight loss.

Found This Post Helpful?

Hi, Im Dr. Spencer

I'm a physician who focuses on lifestyle changes rather than medications for real healthcare. My goal is to make you leaner, more energetic, healthier, and most importantly  happier. Click here to learn more.

Improving the quality of operation notes: Effect of using proforma, audit and education sessions.
Both from a medical and legal point of view, the quality of operative notes are important. In this study we hypothesized that the quality of operation notes could be improved by audit, education session and using a proforma. A total of  operation notes were audited for compliance with the Royal College of Surgeons guidelines. Results were announced in-clinic training session and guidelines were discussed. An aide-memoire containing guideline parameters placed in the operating theaters. After eight months, operation reports were re-audited on an equal number of patients. An operative note proforma was developed and third audit was carried out. The results of each audit were compared. In the first audit, it was found that fourteen parameters were written with more than  accuracy. The first audit revealed seven poor areas in documentation: time of operation , identification of emergencyelective procedure , identification of any prosthesis or devices used .3, details of closure technique 3., name of anesthesiologist , patient position .3, and amount of bleeding . In the second audit there was an incomplete, but significant improvement in these seven parameters , ., , .3, 3.3, 3, and 3 respectively. Following introduction of the proforma; third audit cycle demonstrated a clear improvement in operation note documentation with at least  compliance in all parameters. This study revealed that the accuracy of the operating room documents can be improved through audits, education of surgeon and using proformas. The use of proforma provides much better results.

Outlook and Market Review - Third Quarter . PDF File:. Summary:. The Bureau of Economic Analysis revised third quarter U.S. GDP growth to . from the flash report of only .. Most of the revised gain was due to inventory adjustments, which may constrain fourth quarter growth. On a year-over-year basis the economy continues to track along a . to . growth trend. Inflation continues to be below the Fed target of  for both the core and headline personal consumption expenditure PCE indices. Weak demand and low energy prices are expected to keep inflation below the Fed target throughout  and most of . The unemployment rate is , close to what may be full employment given current conditions. Nevertheless, capacity utilization remains well below full employment levels with ample room for expansion before excess demand pressures and bottlenecks introduce inflation pressures.

Thought your job was safe? Not so much, say researchers at University of Oxford's James Martin school. There, a group of futurists have published a report warning that  percent of jobs currently done by humans will be computerized in  years  including engineering jobs.. Image by Thomas Jackson. Technology Review's Aviva Hope Rutkin has read the report which is not currently available online, and explains:. Advertisement.. The authors note that the rate of computerization depends on several other factors, including regulation of new technology and access to cheap labor.. Which  does this also mean we will have AI in  years too? Wow, that's happening faster than I thought!. Read more at Technology Review. Sponsored

I've had mine for about  mos or so and was looking to try and get rid of the stuff the phone accumulates that we just don't need. Invalid extensions, unused files etc. I understand that a datacache wipe is one way. Is there a specific way to do this? I'm running BB . and I'm about to install Indigo Glass. I was hoping to start over fresh with the droid. I have Titanium Backup and Rom Manager. Will a quick backup with one of those save all of my essential data? If not, how do I save the good stuff and not the bad? Thanks, all.

The stroke navigator: meaningful use of the electronic health record to efficiently report inpatient stroke care quality.
To facilitate high-quality inpatient care for stroke patients, we built a system within our electronic health record EHR to identify stroke patients while they are in the hospital; capture necessary data in the EHR to minimize the burden of manual abstraction for stroke performance measures, decreasing daily time requirement from  hours to  minutes; generate reports using an automated process; and electronically transmit data to third parties. Provider champions and support from the EHR development team ensured that we balanced the needs of the hospital with those of frontline providers. This work summarizes the development and implementation of our stroke quality system.

Blood pressure is the major driving force for plaque formation in aortic-constricted ApoE-- mice.
Using an aortic constriction model in mice, we studied whether the increase in pressure or the activation of the renin-angiotensin system RAS and its main receptors is the main driving force for plaque progression. Male ApoE mice underwent sham surgery or placement of a suprarenal silver clip around the aorta AoC. Half the group was treated with the selective AT receptor antagonist losartan 3 mgkg per day for  weeks. Anesthetized mean arterial pressure MAP was increased in AoC mice compared to sham  - 3 versus  -  mmHg, P  .. Losartan reduced MAP in sham mice  -  mmHg, P  . but not in AoC AoC losartan  -  mmHg. Plasma renin concentration PRC was increased in AoC mice compared to sham . - .3 versus . - . milliGoldblatt units mGUml, P  .. Losartan treatment augmented this difference . - 3. versus . - . mGUml, P  .. AT receptor mRNA expression was increased .-fold by aortic constriction in thoracic aorta P  . and the major site for expression of the AT receptor protein was within the plaques. The plaque area was increased in AoC mice compared to sham . - . versus . - ., P  .; however, losartan did not alter plaque area. Our data do not support a role for the AT receptor in the progression of atherosclerosis in this model, since blockade with losartan did not alter plaque distribution. Furthermore, we found no support for the counteraction of atherogenesis by increased activity of the RAS acting on the AT receptor. Our data suggest that increased pressure is the main driving force for atherosclerosis in this model.

Energy Management. A switch in time saves almost . And this is the exact modification we believe in; both virtual and verbal.. autosys brings yet another winning feature of eco-friendly, with its Smart controls. Our solutions bring to your chosen space, an impact of an intelligent working environment and an opulent quality of life. Moreover, the impressions of comfort in this work of technological possibilities are bound to further surprise you, with each installation. Beginning with a Smart Grid Solution, it networks to every bleep of temperature settings, every button for motorized shades as well as every flip on the dimmers. All this is to provide you the certification of being an excellent decision maker, which is just not limited to Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design LEED.. Let yourself access this reconfigured yet flexible incandesces which filters only the chances of better productivity and definitely lesser consumption of energy

 frama-c -wp -warn-unsigned-overflow ...
kernel Parsing testswpplugincint.i no preprocessing
kernel testswpplugincint.i:: Warning: 
  parsing obsolete ACSL construct 'logic declaration'. 'an axiomatic block' should be used instead.
wp Running WP plugin...
wp Loading driver 'sharewp.driver'
wp Warning: Missing RTE guards
------------------------------------------------------------
  Function signedbitwise
------------------------------------------------------------

Goal Post-condition file testswpplugincint.i, line  in 'signedbitwise':
Let x  lnota. Assume  Type: issint3a  issint3x. 
Prove: PRx, a.

------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------
  Function signeddowncast
------------------------------------------------------------

Goal Post-condition file testswpplugincint.i, line 3 in 'signeddowncast':
Assume  Type: issint3a. 
Prove: PRtosinta, a.

------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------
  Function signedoverflow
------------------------------------------------------------

Goal Post-condition file testswpplugincint.i, line 3 in 'signedoverflow':
Assume  Type: issint3signedoverflow. 
Prove: PRsignedoverflow, signedoverflow.

------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------
  Function unsignedbitwise
------------------------------------------------------------

Goal Post-condition file testswpplugincint.i, line  in 'unsignedbitwise':
Assume  Type: isuint3a. 
Prove: PRtouint3lnota, a.

------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------
  Function unsigneddowncast
------------------------------------------------------------

Goal Post-condition file testswpplugincint.i, line  in 'unsigneddowncast':
Assume  Type: issint3a. 
Prove: PRtouint3a, a.

------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------
  Function unsignedoverflow
------------------------------------------------------------

Goal Post-condition file testswpplugincint.i, line  in 'unsignedoverflow':
Assume  Type: isuint3unsignedoverflow. 
Prove: PRunsignedoverflow, unsignedoverflow.

------------------------------------------------------------


Sheldon High School in Sacramento, CA hosted its first KPOP dance cover contest on December , .. Sheldon High Schools Korean Music Club organized this event that featured many talented students.. Sheldon High Schools student body population is culturally diverse. The clubs reflect their diversity and students can join any one of them based on their interests. The school also has four Academy Programs that are focused on a certain career path to give students a taste of future career options.. If youd like your schools KPOP event highlighted on our station please contact us for more information.. Sheldon High School Korean Music Clubs Facebook Page

StartUpHire is the place to find NOC Associate Tech jobs. Review the list of NOC Associate Tech career opportunities to the left. These NOC Associate Tech jobs represent some of the most rewarding careers available.. You can refine your job search for NOC Associate Tech career opportunities by adding a job title, company name, or keyword to the search box above  or click the Advanced Search link for more options.. Don't see the employment opportunity you're looking for? Check back soon for more NOC Associate Tech jobs, or sign up for an email alert link below to receive periodic updates on new NOC Associate Tech jobs.. Try fewer or different keywords.

Find more Rougvie relatives and grow your tree by exploring billions of historical records. Taken every decade since , the U.S. Federal Census can tell you a lot about your family. For example, from 3 to  there were  less people named Roug Rougvie in the 3 U.S. Census. In , there were  less people named Rougvie in the United States. What was life like for them?. In ,  people named Rougvie were living in the United States. In a snapshot:. As Rougvie families continued to grow, they left more tracks on the map:

Service Area. Now serving the greater Harrisburg area. All services are provided in the community and remotely.. Contact Information. Salsawit Salsi Mane  Director of Career Services, Greater Harrisburg Area. Salsi is Director of Career Services, responsible for overseeing and managing WOUs services in Prince Georges County of Maryland, the District of Columbia, Northern Virginia, and Harrisburg, PA. Salsi works with her teams to provide community-based employment and community learning services to students and adults referred from area governmental agencies and school districts... Iskedar Ayalew  Regional Director, Greater Harrisburg Area. Iskedar is the Regional Director responsible for.. To contact Iskedar directly by phone dial  - or email her at iayalewworkopportunities.net

My mother used to make pot roast in foil, and this evening Im carrying on the family tradition. Tear off about a five-foot piece of -inch-wide aluminum foil. Set the piece of pot roast in the center of it; surround it with chunks of potato, baby carrots, and an onion, cut into chunks. Sprinkle on a couple tablespoons of minced garlic and two packets of Liptons Onion Soup mix. Fold the foil into a packet, creasing the seams so theyre steam-tight. Before you seal the packet, add about a quarter-cup of water. Set the packet in a baking pan and cook in the oven at 3F for about two hours. Yummy goodness. Mrs. R says you can do it in the crock-pot, but its just not the same. Part of it must be the ritual of preparation.. Another twenty minutes to go, so I thought I just had time to bang out a description for the SDMB. You can envy me. :D. Now Ive got to go set the table.

Bird Feeder Free Bird Seed Bird Feeder Free Bird Seed . Out of stock. A fair trade hand carved bird feeder. A fantastic unusual addition to your garden, featuring a cat holding a Free Bird Seed tray. Includes attached twine string for hanging, but also has jointed legs to place in a seated position. Hand crafted Also makes an ideal gift These items are hand-made using basic hand tools such as chisels by small outlets and families, mainly in Indonesia and Thailand. Due to the hand crafted nature of the product, wood grain and colour may vary slightly as all items are indidviually hand craved. The photo of the item is a good example of the carving you will receive. Please bear this in mind before making your purchase.

Sector: Commercial. Caf Sobar, Nottingham. Caf Sobar was developed by Double Impact, the Nottingham-based drug and alcohol recovery charity, with the support of a grant from the Big Lottery Fund. The building Caf Sobar is housed in was originally the headquarters of the Nottingham Building Society. Working closely with the Nottingham Building Society, Framework Housing Association, and local design company Constellations, Double Impact was able to sympathetically transform the space while retaining a lot of its original features.. RJA Consultants provided Project Management and Quantity Surveying services to the Client and oversaw the project from its initial inception to final completion and occupation.. Client: Double Impact  Framework Housing Association. Role Provided: Project Management & Quantity Surveying. Other Consultants:. Architect: Geoff Carter Architects. Interior Designers: Constellations. Approximate Value: ,. Commercial. Industrial. Health & Care. Residential

The Department of Health and Human Services has officially released the final rule for the Quality Payment Program under the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act MACRA.. The Quality Payment Program, which will begin on January , , replaces the sustainable growth rate and will reportedly allow providers to deliver more flexible, patient-centered care. According to HHS, MACRA and the Quality Payment Program will help drive the industry away from a volume-based system to value-based care models. The Quality Payment Program will reward providers for value-based care via two avenues: Advanced Alternative Payment Models Advanced APMs and the Merit-based Incentive Payment System MIPS.

. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to compositions for use as adhesion promoters on polyolefin substrates and to a method of applying such compositions to the polyolefin substrate. More particularly, the present invention relates to compositions containing chlorinated polyolefins for use as adhesion promoters and to a method of applying such compositions to polyolefin substrates.
. Brief Description of the Prior Art
Polyolefins such as ethylene and propylene as well as copolymers thereof are being used in increasing amounts in the fabrication of automobile bodies and trim such as front end fascia and filler panels located between the bumper and the chassis. These materials are light weight and have excellent impact resistance. They can withstand low speed collisions much better than metal counterparts. However, to be aesthetically acceptable, the polyolefin must be painted to match the paint on the rest of the automobile. Because of the low surface tension of polyolefins, it is very difficult to adhere paint directly to the surface of the polyolefin.
It is known in the industry that the adhesion of a paint layer to a polyolefin substrate can be improved if the substrate is first treated with an adhesion promoter. Typical adhesion promoters are solutions of chlorinated polyolefins which when applied as a coating to the polyolefin substrate act as a tie layer between the polyolefin and the subsequently applied paint. However, if the adhesion promoter is not applied uniformly to the polyolefin substrate, the adhesion of the subsequently applied coating will fail.
It is an object of the present invention to provide a detectable adhesion promoting composition, that is, one which when applied to the polyolefin substrate can be determined if it has been applied uniformly to the substrate.

Effect of Callosobruchus chinensis L. Coleoptera: Bruchidae on carbohydrate content of chickpea, green gram and pigeon pea.
Effect of Callosobruchus chinensis L. infestation was seen on the carbohydrate and dietary fibre content of chickpea, green gram and pigeon pea at ,,3,, and  per cent levels of infestation. With increase in level of infestation energy, starch, total sugars and non-reducing sugars decreased, whereas significant increase in the reducing sugars, crude fibre, neutral detergent fibre, acid detergent fibre, hemicellulose, cellulose and lignin was observed.

Below are pictures from a recent engagement shoot for Robert and Jessica shot by my lead photographer Don Atherton. He also had some great assistance from second shooter Karen Chapman. Robert and Jessica are getting married next month and they were such a great couple to work with. As you can tell they are very photogenic and they just radiate a very tangible in love feeling. The pictures were taken in Riverside, CA. Congrats on your engagement and marriage next month, we look forward to capturing your special day!.

AfL y inf. Poems by AfL y inf : 3  . Crush - Poem by AfL y inf. I have a mystic crush. Folk say it ought to be lust. This Miss is so kind. She will indeed, blow your mind. This horde won't free me. Until she believes me. I want to make her ken. I want her to be my women. But I sense I will squash. If I tell my mystic crush. Topics of this poem: crush. Poems by AfL y inf : 3  . Read this poem in other languages. This poem has not been translated into any other language yet.. I would like to translate this poem . Poem Submitted: Wednesday, June , . Poem Edited: Thursday, June , . AfL y

Colombia is a country at the northern tip of South America. Its landscape is marked by rainforests, Andes mountains and numerous coffee plantations.. Colombia is the only country in South America with access to both the Pacific and Atlantic Oceans... Sea ports of Colombia. Buenaventura, Baranquilla, Cartagena, Santa Marta.. Bogota. Freight service reaches Bogota, the capital via Buenaventura.. Shipping from China to Buenaventura, Baranquilla and Cartagena Colombia. Send goods to Colombia from ChinaChina forwarding company to Colombia. Sea freight from China main ports to Buenaventura, Baranquilla, Cartagena, Santa Marta, Bogota.

WHY IS THIS TOPIC IMPORTANT?. The subconscious mind and the non-voluntary behavior of our nervous system gives us much trouble in life. I, therefore, find it extremely important to understand the mechanisms and what I can do about it to gain control over my behavior on all levels of life, both body and mind.. We have all heard about the subconscious mind as something outside yourself or a part of our mind we cannot control. Sometimes it works against us and we, therefore, need to reprogram it. We know very little about it and this can be frightening, especially when we realize how much it can impact our lives.. Continue reading Conscious vs. subconscious mind, who am I?

Identification of ononitol and O-methyl-scyllo-inositol in pea root nodules.
Ononitol -O-methyl-myo-inositol and O-methyl-scyllo-inositol were identified in pea Pisum sativum L. root nodules formed by twoRhizobium leguminosarum strains. Ononitol was the major soluble carbohydrate in nodules formed by strain  while O-methyl-scyllo-inositol and two unidentified components were dominant in the carbohydrate pattern of the nodules formed by strain  a. The cyclitols were also present in the denodulated roots, but to a much smaller extent; in the above-ground plant parts only traces were found. The identification of ononitol and O-methyl-scyllo-inositol was established by gas chromatography and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry utilizing trimethylsilyl- and acetyl-derivatives.

Tag: Appliqu wedding dresses. Appliqu Wedding Dresses in Beading Style. Wedding is a special day for everyone and it is the desire of everyone that he make this day remarkable in different ways .the center of attraction is bride all the people like to see the bride in her magnificent dress .the brides also wants to look like princess on their wedding and want to . Connect. Connect with us on the following social media platforms.

ArtPlace America  National Creative Placemaking Fund: Informational Session. Please note, this event has expired.. Generously co-hosted by The Akron Art Museum, Akron BMe Community, The International Institute of Akron, and The Knight Foundation, ArtPlace has been invited to Akron to share details about their National Creative Placemaking Fund to encourage applications in . Please join us for a short presentation and lively discussion. Breakfast will be provided.. Topics Include:.  What is creative placemaking?.  An overview of the open call application process..  What makes a strong application?. . ADMISSION INFO. FREE! Registration Required.. LOCATION.  East Tallmadge Avenue, Akron, OH 3

Specialty food for the Cichlid family with a new combination of active ingredients for more vibrant colors.. Hikari Cichlid Gold is a specialty food for the family Cichlidae. It contains a new combination of active ingredients for enduring improvement of your pet's brilliant colors.. Hikari Cichlid Gold promotes the vitality of your fish and provides them with with a complete diet containing all the nutrients necessary for healthy development.. .... for further information.... Continuation of Product Description:. The floating pellets are well-accepted and will not cloud the water. The food is also suitable for other tropical fish.. Similar Products:. Is the product Hikari Cichlid Gold Specialty Food for Cichlids

Company category. Fundamental constants and physical laws. Buyer's guide  Atomic, molecular & optical physics  Fundamental constants and physical laws. Showing company  to  of  in Fundamental constants and physical laws.. Result page:  Previous   3      Next . Fundamental constants and physical laws. InternetAid -Mar-. SEO & SEM Analytics, Analytics and Tuning using your organization's vision and marketing goals. ZenHua Optoelectronics Co., Ltd -Feb-. LED Flexible Strip, LED Tube Light, LED Global Bulb, LED Spotlight. Lambda Scientific Systems, Inc -Oct-. Lambda Scientific Systems, Inc. specializes in developing and marketing scientific instruments and laboratory apparatus that are designed and manufactured for experimental education in physics at colleges and universities... Result page:  Previous   3      Next 

Attorneys in Donald Southworth's murder case reached agreement in a dispute about evidence, cancelling a motion hearing scheduled for Friday afternoon.. The hearing was about testimony that will be presented at trial next week. Attorneys said they could not comment specifically on the testimony or who was going to present it.. Prosecutor Lou Anna Red Corn and Defense Attorney Mike Rowland went briefly before Judge Kimberly Bunnell to tell her they had reached an agreement. Rowland said afterward that the disagreement was over when they're going to bring certain evidence in and how they're going to bring it in.. It was basically housekeeping matters, he said.. Never miss a local story.. Southworth is on trial for the murder of his wife, Umi Southworth, who was found brutally beaten June , , behind the Meadowthorpe Avenue apartment she shared with her husband and daughter.. Donald Southworth's trial is scheduled to resume Tuesday.

Tannic acid exhibits anti-inflammatory effects on formalin-induced paw edema model of inflammation in rats.
The aim of the study was to determine the relationship between anti-inflammatory effects of the natural polyphenolic compound tannic acid CAS number: -- and myeloperoxidase MPO enzyme activity in paw edema model. Thirty-five female rats were divided into five groups. The paws of rats were injected subcutaneously in the plantar surface with formalin except for the control group. Indomethacin and tannic acid were intraperitoneally administered  h after formalin injection. The paws volume was measured by using vernier caliper. MPO enzyme activity was determined using -aminoantipyrine-phenol solution as the substrate for MPO-mediated oxidation by HO. About  and 3 edema inhibition has detected in the indomethacin-applied group, at the measurements run every other hour right after the treatment. An inhibition of  was found at the group treated with  mgkg tannic acid. However, in the group treated with  mgkg tannic acid,  and  of the edema inhibition was observed. Serum and paw tissue MPO activities were decreased in treated groups with indomethacin and tannic acid according to formalin control group. Our study results suggest that tannic acid may contribute to the treatment of inflammation by decreasing MPO enzyme activity, but the molecular mechanism is still not clear.

Enbridge gets EPA approval for  oil spill cleanup plans.. Jason Manshum is an Enbridge spokesman. He says Enbridges plans for - include assessing how much submerged oil remains in the Kalamazoo River.. That will determinealong withlooking at the science data were receivinghow much work if any.. needs to be donegoing into the summer and fall , says Manshum.. That could mean scaling back the cleanup operation. However, state and federal environmental regulators will have the final say on when the oil spill cleanup will be complete.. In the meantime, Enbridge crews continue to remove oil from wetland areas this winter. And in the Spring, Enbridge crews will resume efforts to remove submerged oil from three different segments of the river.

A recent survey found that one in four students say they would abstain from sex for a month if they could have all their textbooks in digital format. Here are some other interesting Infographic stats posted by Economy Watch:. By , nearly  of US Textbook Market will be Digital.Check out the infographic for some other interesting stats.. There was a  increase in digital textbook sales between -.  of students either bought or at least seen a digital textbook in . That is a  increase from .South Korea is investing $Billion to make sure all textbooks are digital by . An equivalent investment for US would be $Billion.Almost three-fourths of the $. Billion in textbook sales are brand new textbooks.Digital textbooks are, on average, 3 cheaper than new print books.Digital textbooks are, on average, 3 cheaper than new print books.

Robert Tobey is a name partner in the Dallas-based litigation firm of Johnston Tobey Baruch. Board Certified in Consumer and Commercial Law by the Texas Board of Legal Specialization, Mr. Tobey represents clients and attorneys in legal malpractice claims, ethical issues and fee disputes. He also handles other disputes involving professional services, fiduciary duty, investment fraud, online defamation, insurance and other business disputes.. Honored by The Best Lawyers in America in the areas of Commercial Litigation as well as Legal Malpractice Law and Professional Malpractice Law for both plaintiffs and defendants, he is renowned for his broad knowledge of civil law and the ethical issues in legal practice management.. Bar Admissions:. - Texas, State Bar of Texas. - Texas Federal Courts. - Texas Federal Appellate Courts. - Texas Federal Bankruptcy Courts. Lawyer Client Comments

Statement on Ecuador Court Ruling Against Chevron

Evidence Prevails Over Oil Giant's Intimidation Tactics

San Francisco, CA  Today a court in Lago Agrio, Ecuador has ruled in favor of the residents of Ecuador's Amazon region who have spent the last  years seeking damages for crude oil pollution. Chevron inherited the suit when it bought Texaco in , and has denied the allegations of environmental damage.

Amazon Watch and Rainforest Action Network, who have spent years working to help the Ecuadorian people and protect the Amazon, release the following statement in response to today's verdict:

As of today, Chevron's guilt for extensive oil contamination in the Amazon rainforest is official. It is time Chevron takes responsibility for these environmental and public health damages, which they have fought for the past  years.

Today's ruling in Ecuador against Chevron proves overwhelmingly that the oil giant is responsible for billions of gallons of highly toxic waste sludge deliberately dumped into local streams and rivers, which thousands depend on for drinking, bathing, and fishing.

Chevron has spent the last  years waging unprecedented public relations and lobbying campaigns to avoid cleaning up the environmental and public health catastrophe it left in the Amazon rainforest. Today's guilty verdict sends a loud and clear message: It is time Chevron clean up its disastrous mess in Ecuador.

Today's case is historic and unprecedented. It is the first time Indigenous people have sued a multinational corporation in the country where the crime was committed and won.

Today's historic ruling against Chevron is a testament to the strength of the Ecuadorian people who have spent  years bringing Chevron to justice while suffering the effects of the company's extensive oil contamination.

the Queen Mother Sports Centre we offer great facilities at affordable prices. We have activities for adults, kids, families, school groups and clubs. With our wide ranging programme of activities we are confident that you will find something to suit you.. At Queen Mother Sports Centre you get all the fantastic facilities you'd expect - a modern, well-equipped gym, a great pool, a wide range of fitness classes plus a variety of other facilities to ensure there is something for everyone, with more space and the activities and timetables to match!. Voted th Best Gym in London by Time Out . See more venues in Victoria

KEB Hana Bank, represented by Efdinal Alamsyah Director of Human Resources Department and Marco Wirjadi Head of Human Resources Department, gave Lebaran gift to  staffs of Wisma Mulia Building as regards to welcoming Idul Fitri 3 H. This years gift was shopping voucher that can be used to buy any need for celebrating the Feast. This event was held in KEB Hana Bank Head Office located at Wisma Mulia 3nd floor on Monday 3.. This is an annual event conducted by KEB Hana Bank to share the happiness of Idul Fitri and to appreciate Wisma Mulia Building for the good cooperation. Moreover, it is also KEB Hana Banks commitment, as a subsidiary of Hana Financial Group, to contribute to its surrounding. Through this positive event, we can share the happiness with our surrounding with regard to Hana Financial Groups vision and mission: to give a hand to the community, said Efdinal.

NorthEasthealthline.ca is an innovative website that puts accurate and up-to-date information about health services at the fingertips of consumers and health care providers across the North East region of Ontario. NorthEasthealthline.ca provides easy access to a reliable source of data, and empowers consumers to find the services they need close to home.. Over , service listings describe organizations and programs serving people who live in Algoma, Cochrane, ManitoulinSudbury, Nipissing, Parry Sound and Timiskaming.. Find home and community care services available in the North East Local Health Integration Network LHIN. Get connected or help connect others to services in your community.

The Importance Of Mobile Applications In Everyday Life!

The significance of cell phones in our regular day to day existence and exercises is evidently unending. This is so in light of the fact that there is continuous colossal change in that cell phones are never again the common specialized gadget it used to be. It has turned into the goliath purpose of consideration for people and organizations alike, kindness of the different fantastic highlights and openings that cell phones offer. The total advance of portable innovation, the accessibility and access to rapid web and the surprising open interface in these gadgets comes about into an entire level of new and creative experience versatile processing. This is made conceivable through the improvement of versatile applications portable applications.

Today, the accessibility of portable applications is on the expansion with the end goal that it is create an observable change in the way people feel and experience registering. Barely any years back, in other to get to the web, check and read sends, one needed to utilize the PC however today this has changed in light of the fact that registering is presently conveyed wherever in cell phones. Envision purchasing a prepare ticket in a hurry, this is something our progenitors never envisioned or did. Envision not setting off to the bank but rather still exchange cash to family and companions. All on account of application designers and best application improvement organizations. Regardless of which, they have acted the hero empowering simple life.

On a general note, the nearness of versatile applications on telephones can be compared to be the embellishments on a cake since they make cell phones agreeable and fun. Portable applications are boundless in number with utilization that cuts over all kinds of different backgrounds and with individuals needing increasingly of these applications for simple way of life and living. By and by, the utilization of portable applications can be found in regions, for example, correspondence, training, cooking, online networking, shopping, business cash making, marriage, and keeping money. On everyday schedule people look for refreshed renditions of these applications. Thus, application designers and application creating organizations are continually attempting to stay up with the latest with the requests. Because of this, there has been a current increment in the development of new application designers and application advancement organizations.

As far as correspondence, Indian application engineers have created applications, for example, Skype, Telegram, Wechat, Facetime, WhatsApp, and Facebook Messenger for simple and better correspondence with our families and friends and family. Before the development of these versatile applications, we depended absolutely on PCs and PCs for Skype calls and abundant charges for calls including long-separations.

Today cell phone has turned into a basic piece of such huge numbers of people due to these applications, with the end goal that one might say that it helps towards a type of keeping up sorted out life. The accessibility of applications for contacts, significant activities and occasions, individual data and future occasions in cell phones authenticate this. These arrangement of data are completely put away on our telephones and can enable us to design life, in this way encouraging legitimate time administration. Civility of various applications like alerts, updates, daily agendas and a wide range of warning applications that could be modified to our individual needs and prerequisites subsequently making life more agreeable, less demanding and more beneficial.

What about in training? Different driving application improvement organizations and engineers have planned instructive applications that have significantly affected lives over the globe. These applications are of high repute to all educationists and understudies. EBooks, E-library, instruction recordings, training diversions and so on are largely accessible today and give simple access to quality instructive materials that conventionally would be conceivable to access in a library.

In the managing an account parts and budgetary exchange, endeavors have been made to ease money related exchange. In the managing an account segment, utilization of portable keeping money is on the ascent. Clients essentially need to stroll into the bank to make charge installments, exchanges or withdrawals. All should be possible through the versatile application for web based saving money arrangement. Regarding money related exchange, there are versatile applications where one can simple make installments for merchandise and enterprises without making a beeline for the bank. All these were impractical in the s yet with the approach of versatile applications on our cell phones, these have turned out to be conceivable.

As of late, there has been a surge in the utilization of online networking. Portable applications have changed the utilization of online networking as it is not any more only a methods for staying in contact with loved ones yet additionally a stage for business. This is conceivable because of the development of online networking applications and site. These applications and sites are thought to be among the least expensive and maybe the best showcasing instruments for business. Accordingly, they are been utilized by people in business to successfully, effortlessly and productively oversee business using online networking applications in their cell phones.

Discuss recreation exercises, versatile applications offers them in numbers. Today, the rise and accessibility of such applications, for example, video applications, amusements applications, and music applications to telephone clients have demonstrated that versatile applications are important for correspondence and business as well as for human unwinding. There are numerous video application which are advantageous for clients and they access such when essential. Amusement applications are on the expansion in cell phones in light of their uniqueness as they have reformed from the immature diversions to more modern ones. For music darlings, there is likewise music applications were clients can tune in to unrecorded music or play downloaded music. There are additionally perusing applications that empower clients to peruse their top choice, scholarly and different sorts of books on their cell phone since it is regarded simpler than running wherever with substantial books.

Today, there are portable applications particularly made for business. These applications are given to enable clients to have simple access to such business whenever and perhaps anyplace. For this business, the consistent utilization of these applications by clients after some time helps in the advancement of the business and the brand. These applications help clients to hunt, purchase and pay for items and administrations they need at any given point in time. All the more in this way, portable applications for business are progressively getting to be promoting instruments.

By and by, there are versatile applications for each stroll of life and with no uncertainty they have made and are making life enormously simple for man consistently. The test is to know the reason for each application and utilize them appropriately in order to get the ideal fulfillment and essential experience they have been intended to give its clients.

In this way, it is without sensible uncertainty that the business of versatile application advancement is on the thriving side particularly with day by day rise of prevalent include designers and improvement organizations that are eager and prepared to give the required fulfillment and necessities of portable applications clients.

According to a survey published in Doanes Agricultural Report, animal welfare is one of the top megatrends that agriculture faces today. Animal welfare came in at the No.  spot.. However, its important to remember that animal welfare and animal rights are not the same thing. People who are advocates of animal welfare want to spare animals physical pain and suffering  thats something that livestock producers generally agree with as good animal husbandry makes both moral and economic sense. On the other hand, people who are animal rights advocates give human attributes to animals and consider all animal agriculture inhumane.. For the full news story in the Des Moines Register, click here.. Des Moines Register. Add new comment

Mammoth NEWS. Update 3. Thanks to all the riders that supported us this year. We had our biggest turnout to date to compliment the perfect weather all weekend. There were some great battles in all classes. The Beast definitely took its toll on the riders with our brutally rough and long moto's. Although the last few moto's of both days became dusty, we feel we did our best to keep the track in good shape after this abnormally dry summer season and considering the size of the track. We have results, a highlight video and photo's posted. We look forward to bringing the beast back in !.

PATIO CLEANING patio.. Our driveway & Patio cleaning services are vastly more effective at removing weeds and dirt than simple wedding and scrubbing. To ensure the cleaning process is effective, we normally pre-treat the paved area with a low pressure stone or timber wash to destroy fungal spores and break down the moss and dirt. This also has a weed killer added.. Soft washing is a new power washing technique that requires having a combination of bacteria killers and detergents to do the job the Right Way. The SoftWash uses low pressure and kills the bacteria without harming surfaces. Your patio will look like new! Green or black algae will completely vanish from your patio quickly - and the process takes even less time to than a pressure wash.. Overall, SoftWash patio washing also provides the very best outcome, quickest treatment, least damaging and longest lasting effects... Yes, it is. Because soft washing uses very low pressure, and limited amounts of!

Krone wins Green Truck Trailer Innovation Award. Yesterday evening, Krone received the Green Truck Trailer Innovation Award for Smart Capacity Management. The jury thus praised the sustainable increase in transport efficiency made possible by the use of Smart Capacity Management. Dr. Frank Albers, Managing Director Sales & Marketing, accepted the award on behalf of the entire Krone team. with the data from the transport orders offered by the freight exchanges in real time.. Krone will also be presenting Smart Capacity Management from  to  June at the transport logistic trade fair in Munich.. The Green Truck Trailer Innovation Award semi-trailertrailer was presented for the first time on the eve of transport logistic ; the jury is made up of editors from the renowned trade journals VerkehrsRundschau and Trucker.. If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to contact me:. Stefan Oelker. Phone:   -

Gothenburg provides five star hotel options for luxury vacations, getaways, business travel, and special events. The below list of luxury hotels are based on many factors including Jet Charter Europe passenger feedback, location, amenities, and online reviews. Once arriving into the city of Gothenburg via luxury private jet, our Gothenburg jet charter service brokers can also arrange ground transportation tofrom the hotel of your choice, to make your trip hassle-free.. Request a Quote or give us a call at ---3 to speak with one of our Gothenburg private jet charter service brokers for your next luxury vacation, business trip, or special event.. How will the private aviation industry handle the changes to the European Market? Markets do not like uncertainty, and ...READ MORE

Viral Crocodiles. New Australian feature film Black Water is getting good critical acclaim in Europe and has just been released in Australia. Made by Australian filmmakers Andrew Traucki and David Nerlich it has reportedly already made its money back, a rarity for any Australian film. Check out one of the viral videos used to promote the film here. You can find more under the user decembergirl on You Tube. Its an effective campaign and the film consistently comes up high in search rankings for crocodile movie which is an achievement in itself seeing as Crocodile Dundee and more recently Rogue were much bigger players. One of the Black Water team used to work for Yahoo and the other is a deft hand at visual effects. Good to see all their hard work beginning to pay off for them.

The ground floor gallery is a spacious loft style space of and it can accommodate a range of events including creative art or sculpture exhibitions, rehearsals, photography shoots, and music video filming. The exterior walls consist of brick, wood or plasterboard and there are  pillars going down the middle of the space with a combination of a wooden and concrete floor.

Weve done many demos with our robot at our local library this summer. During these demos, weve seen a lot of public interest in FIRST from both young students and their parents. We decided to host info nights for FLL and FTC at the Roseville library so the people who were interested could learn more.. At the presentations, there were several families who were interested. We explained the different programs within FIRST, giving a brief overview of each and then going more in-depth to whatever program we were talking about that night. In the presentation, we described each section robot, project, core values and robot, engineering notebook, and outreach in detail. By the end of each evening, the attendees had a better understanding of FIRST robotics and all the parents said they would look for a local team for their child to join.. Click here for our FLL Info Night presentation and here for our FTC presentation!.

Not all of us are lucky enough to live near or by the beach where we can get the natural tan appearance. However, with the damaging effect of exposure to the sun, science and beauty experts have come up with a way to achieve sun-kissed glow without exposing ones self to the harmful ultraviolet rays. Excessive sun exposure can cause wrinkles and may speed up aging. Hence, the sunless tanning.

Self-tanning or sunless tanning is an alternative to sunbathing. Self-tanning involves the application of chemicals to the skin to achieve sun tan. It has become popular after scientists and health experts have strengthen the link between exposure from the sunlight or tanning beds and skin cancer. In , the first sunless tanning product by Coppertone was released in the form of a lotion. While self-tanner are commonly sold as lotion or spray that can be directly applied to the skin, there are also tanning pills and bronzers that emerged. Generally, self-tanning or sunless tanning is considered safe provided they are used as directed.

So how does a sunless tanner or self-tanner work? Before we move on to the specifics, it will be helpful to be reminded that self-tanning occurs in the epidermis or the outer layer of the skin. One active ingredient in self-tanning products is the dihydroxyacetone DHA. The dihydroxyacetone is a colorless three-carbon sugar that, when applied, reacts with the dead skin cells. This reaction will result in a change of color and darkening the skin. As the skin gets a change in its color, you will likewise experience a starchy odor that usually comes during the tanning process. This odor is believed to be an indication of the progress of your sunless tan.

The color change is temporary and may last for only five to seven days. It is only temporary because only the stratum corneum, or the outermost layer of the epidermis, is stained. Eventually, this layer is shed by process of exfoliation especially with the use of exfoliating products or scrubs. Many have raised their eyebrows on the safety of the DHA. Since 3, the Food and Drug Administration has approved DHA for external or self-tanning use. This is subject to an exception where the FDA has not approved the application of DHA near the eyes, mouth, or nose. It is advised to protect these parts of the body when applying self-tanning products, particularly in spray form also use one of the best self tanner on the market is very important.

Another method of sunless tanning is the use of bronzer. Bronzer, which is normally in the form of powder and moisturizer, stains the skin upon application. Unlike other methods, the stain from bronzer can be easily removed by washing it off with soap and water. For tanning pills, on the other hand, are generally considered as unsafe. They are said to contain canthaxanthin, which is used as color additive and in large amount when used as tanning agent. It turns your skin into an orange or brown color, which has been linked to liver damage, hepatitis, and visual impairment.

Migration Agent Australia. Registered Migration Agent in Australia Sydney and New Zealand. We guide you through complicated application process for Australian and New Zealand Visas.. Migration Downunder has worked as a specialist in Australian immigration since  and more recently gained New Zealand immigration accreditation. We have a reputation for professionalism and high ethical practice, which is acknowledged and reinforced by the satisfaction and testimonials of our clients.. Specialising in:. Temporary Business Long Stay -Subclass ,. Employer Nomination Scheme ENS,. Regional Sponsored Migration Scheme RSMS,. Contributory Parent Visa,. Remaining Relative,. Married or de-Facto Spouse Visa,. Prospective Marriage Visa Subclass 3.. SkillSelect,. Working Holiday Visa,..

Behavioural thermoregulation and the relative roles of convection and radiation in a basking butterfly.
Poikilothermic animals are often reliant on behavioural thermoregulation to elevate core-body temperature above the temperature of their surroundings. Butterflies are able to do this by altering body posture and location while basking, however the specific mechanisms that achieve such regulation vary among species. The role of the wings has been particularly difficult to describe, with uncertainty surrounding whether they are positioned to reduce convective heat loss or to maximise heat gained through radiation. Characterisation of the extent to which these processes affect core-body temperature will provide insights into the way in which a species thermal sensitivity and morphological traits have evolved. We conducted field and laboratory measurements to assess how basking posture affects the core-body temperature of an Australian butterfly, the common brown Heteronympha merope. We show that, with wings held open, heat lost through convection is reduced while heat gained through radiation is simultaneously maximised. These responses have been incorporated into a biophysical model that accurately predicts the core-body temperature of basking specimens in the field, providing a powerful tool to explore how climate constrains the distribution and abundance of basking butterflies.

Art Centres : Museums.  -  of  entries.. - LookClickPrint Fine Art Museum ReproductionMuseum Reproductions are museum approved from museums around the world.. - MBAD's African Bead MuseumOur mission is to build and organizing collection of beads, beadworks and other relics which exemplify the range of material culture of African people.. - Musee d'art contemporain de MontrealCanadian institution dedicated to contemporary art. Its mission is to promote and preserve contemporary Quebec, Canadian and international art through exhibitions and cultural activities.. - Tatham Art GalleryOne of the major art museums in South Africa, dating back to 3. Situated in Pietermaritzburg, the capital of KwaZulu-Natal, the Tatham serves the Msunduzi region through the Visual Arts.. - The Georgia O'Keeffe MuseumThis site offers highlights from the museum's collection, a museum store where you may purchase prints and gifts and information about educational programs and research.

About Our Agency. As a locally owned and operated insurance agency in Fort Collins, CO, John C. Beckett & Associates is committed to providing quality insurance products for individuals and businesses. Founded in 3, we combine our strong insurance background and product knowledge to assist both current and future clients manage and plan for all types of potential risk.. Our team of knowledgeable insurance professionals is experienced in creating personal and commercial insurance policies designed to fit your needs. With John C. Beckett & Associates, our friendly staff will work with you on a one-on-one basis to develop not only the perfect policy, but a lasting relationship.. When you work with John C. Beckett & Associates, youll experience the quality service and attention to detail that you can only find with an independent insurance agency.

Research Repository. Perturbed Generalised Taylor's Formulae with Sharp Bounds. Cerone, Pietro  Perturbed Generalised Taylor's Formulae with Sharp Bounds. RGMIA research report collection,  .. Abstract. Sharp bounds are obtained for perturbed generalised Taylor series. The perturbation involves the arithmetic sum of the upper and lower bounds of the n  th derivative. The sharpest bound is in terms of the one norm of the Appell polynomial which constitutes the coefficients of the derivative of the function to be approximated. The results are demonstrated for an application to the logarithm.

Release Date: . Catalogue No.: LP-DG-. Record Label: Don Giovanni. Format:  Vinyl. ARTIST INFO PAGE. Catalogue No.: LP-DG-. Record Label: Don Giovanni. Format:  Vinyl. Since , Jersey trio Brick Mower have been releasing no-filler records of punk-spirited guitar pop, embracing influences from all corners of s and s indie rock and pop punk spectrum. With Eric Truchan on guitar and vocals, Kit Gogan on bass, and Steve Gennarelli on drums, the band has released a string of records on various punk labels including their own Viking On Campus imprint. In , their first album with Don Giovanni came out, My Hateable Face. Now they're following that up with a second Don Giovanni album, Teenage Graceland , their most dynamic and expansive sounding record yet.. ARTIST INFO PAGE. Be the first to write a review.. Brick Mower. Teenage Graceland. Purchase  Vinyl. AUD $. inc. GST

Your shopping cart is empty!. The -3 from Sioux Chief is a Closet Flange Support Kit. It allows to replace rotted-out flooring around a closet flange or to support the flange when the cut-out hole is too big. Two-piece -gauge heavy-duty zinc-plated plates. Includes  flange screws and  floor screws. Overall dimensions W x L:  x ..

Gryglewicz, S.., Mancini, L., Morellec, E., Schroth, E. and Valta, P. . Understanding Cash Flow Risk Review of Financial Studies, :.. - Affiliated author. - Publication year. - JournalReview of Financial Studies. Theory has recently shown that corporate policies should depend on firms' exposure to short- and long-lived cash flow shocks and the correlation between these shocks. We provide granular estimates of these parameters for Compustat firms using a new filter that uses only cash flow data and the theoretical restrictions of a canonical cash flow model. As predicted by theory, we find that the estimated parameters are strongly related to corporate liquidity and financing choices, that firms with a higher estimated correlation between shocks implement riskier policies, and that the sign of this correlation determines the cash flow sensitivity of cash.

NHS Blood and Transplant Youth Campaign. Challenge. Mobas was asked by NHS Blood and Transplant to create a campaign that would specifically target the youth market and focus around college freshers. It needed to encourage sign up within that market and needed to have a fun approach.. Strategy. The real challenge was to create a campaign which appealed to a young market without appearing to be a corporate trying too hard to be cool. It was important to keep the campaign simple but to be very eye catching as the target market would be being hit with a lot of advertising and promotion from lots of different industries. It also needed to appeal to both males and females from different ethnic backgrounds.. Results. The campaign was rolled out across the country and received great feedback. It continues to stand out in a crowd and encourage donation from the target market.

Steven Spielberg has warned that a future ruled by virtual reality is coming whether we like it or not.

Presenting his upcoming sci-fi film at this year's Comic-Con in San Diego on Friday, the acclaimed director addressed what has recently been a recurring topic for him.

Virtual reality, or VR, began its expansion in the film industry over the last year, with the Cannes Film Festival presenting its first VR entry this year.

Carne Y Arena Meat And Sand by Birdman director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu had its debut at the Croisette in May, opening alongside Spielberg's studio animation The BFG.

At the time, the Schindler's List director warned of the dangers virtual reality could present to the industry.


I think we're moving into a dangerous medium with virtual reality, he said.

Spielberg goes VR for Ready Player One

The only reason I say it is dangerous is because it gives the viewer a lot of latitude not to take direction from the storytellers but make their own choices of where to look.

I just hope it doesn't forget the story when it starts enveloping us in a world that we can see all around us and make our own choices to look at.

Now he seems to have, if not changed his mind, at least embraced the future.

Presenting his new film Ready Player One, Spielberg spoke about the challenges of adapting Ernest Cline's book about a dystopian future where humans take refuge in VR after the world is destroyed by global warming.

In the film, the hero lives in , but spends his time immersed in s pop culture through virtual reality.

It's the most amazing flash forward and flashback at the same time - to a decade I was very much involved in as well as a future that I think is out there awaiting all of us whether we like it or not, Spielberg said.

Image: Spielberg, Cline and actor Tye Sheridan shared the stage at Comic-Con

The -year-old director now sees VR as the opening of new possibilities, where humans are able to do anything you can possibly imagine.

Directing Ready Player One, Spielberg was faced with s nostalgia and pop references related to his own work in the past, and said he feared being vilified for some kind of grand act of grand larceny of vanity.

For the book's author, having the director taking on his book was a match made in heaven.

To be honest with you, I thought this would never happen, Ernest Cline said at Comic-Con.

I never thought we'd be able to make this movie, because we'd need someone like Steven Spielberg to direct it.

And when they told me they were going to send it to him I was like, 'oh, he's never going to do it'.

Ready Player One premieres 3 March .

- Newsmaker: What Bush Didn't Say - Last night before a nationally televised speech to a joint session of Congress, President Bush announced his plan for a . trillion-dollar tax cut, and launched new discussions on education, energy and race. Eleanor Clift, contributing editor for Newsweek, says Bush hopes to achieve his cut-and-spend feat by leaving high-profile social programs in tact.. - Reporter's Notebook: Puzzled Israelis Sign Up to Hear the Other Side - Despite ongoing violence, ignorance and stereotypes continue to embitter relations between Palestinians and Israelis. Israelis may see Palestinian construction workers, but rarely meet Palestinian professionals. Dr. Adel Manna is trying to change all that. The Jerusalem-based historian runs a seminar by Palestinians on Palestinian history for Israelis.. National Democratic Party. Progressive Policy Institute. Ralph Nader's presidential campaign. Palestinian studies program. Center for the Study of Israeli-Arab Society

Main menu

Post navigation

Preferring Local Control

Its two weeks already. Wow. The English thing is rad. Just think if Iowans had the guts to throw off the chains of the Federales. Caramba! But Iowans would rather have the crumbs than freedom and the prosperity that comes with it. Comfy, eh?

Fritz

Preferring Local Control

Back in the days when socialism was failing in the Soviet Union The system failed. Ronald Reagan had nothing to do with it., I had a friend who traveled to Latvia on a farm tour. I remember what he found when he got there.

Imagine a field of oats, just beginning to head out, a stunted pale yellow with cracked soil easily visible through the canopy. The farmer had actually planted the oats in the rain because the call had come from Moscow, five hundred miles away, that it was time. The farmer ignored local conditions to be loyal to the central authority that had promised social justice at any price.

I doubt that any farmer hasnt longed for the comfort of following orders at a job rather than the risk and responsibility of ownership.

The dairy operation was also an eye opener for the American tourist. No directive ever came for a manure management plan. The manure was pitched out of the barn, apparently so they could walk around in there, and that was it. When there was no room outside the doors and windows to pitch more, an elevator was set up and the manure deposited several feet from the barn until it reached up to the outlet of the elevator. The elevator was swung around in a half circle until the manure reached the top in all possible directions. Then another elevator was brought in.

The oats lacked fertilizer in the the hard baked mud. The farmer never hauled the manure onto the fields and he planted in the worst possible conditions. How could this happen?

The Brexit vote can shed a light on events that led up to the terrible management of that farm.

The most basic unit of government is the individual. Next we are part of a family, then a neighborhood, then a town, and so forth. Each step away from ourselves lessens the importance to us and also the quality of our decisions. It cant be helped, as illustrated by the failure of the Latvian farmer and his Union of Soviet Socialist Republics.

It could be argued that, not only is the European Union too big, but England is too big as well. There is evidence that there are neighborhoods in England where Sharia Law rules above the law of jolly old England. Space limits the description of the difference, but believe me, English Common Law is what we are used to and Sharia is not.

This is a direct result of a government that tries to be inclusive of too many cultures. Scotland and Ireland have become dependent on handouts from Mother England. Their economies have been weakened by the presence of someone else available to pay for careless management so they voted to remain in the union. Greeces welfare state may have grown to unsustainable proportions with their dependence on the EU. But do the people of the more frugal and productive nations in the union deserve to spend part of each workday stuffing grape leaves for slothful olive farmers?

So far nothing has been written about actual consequences of Brexit, only about the emotional reactions rooted in the uncertainty of the change. But if you lived there would you like the EU funny how that sounds like something stinks making regulations to suit an entire continent? You cant recycle a teabag? A child under eight cant blow up a balloon? You cant use better windows in trucks to make cyclists more visible?

Here in the U.S. we had a perfect example of a union of states that could compete and thus improve themselves or face loss of population. There is no federal constitutional authority for the laws that limit that competition today. There is no federal law against murder. If one state wanted a law making abortion legal, and another didnt, the competition between the morally debased abortion state and the one that valued all its citizens would eventually sort out which society failed and which one flourished. The same would hold true for any number of issues: homosexual marriage, drug prohibition, corporate welfare, and environmental regulation come to mind.

I hope the Brexit vote inspires more governments to downsize and serve their people more efficiently. Our own Civil War was a turning point in American history. At least , people died to preserve a union that now rewards nonsense over voluntary relations.

We can be thankful to the EU for not resorting to murder to stifle Brexit, like Lincoln did.

DigitAize is the first all-in-one Bluetooth BLE device, that can be mounted on any acoustic wind instrument. This compact solution allows high quality real-time audio streaming and ultra-fast wireless Pitch-to-MIDI conversion to control virtual sounds and synthesizers, as well as for real-time notation. The DigitAize module also allows 3D motion tracking. The dedicated software environment provides a seamless integration in your workflow and ensures full compatibility with all major DAWs and music making softwares.. DigitAize redefines the way to interact with the electronics while playing live concerts.. Reviews. There are no reviews yet.

In accordance with Canon 3 of the universal Code of Canon Law, after the diocesan bishop has listened to the presbyteral priest council.. The Saint Elizabeth Parish Pastoral Council meets  times a year. In their responsibility as consultors to the pastor from whom he seeks advise, they prayerfully study and discuss ways in which to grow the spiritual bonds of the parish. By way of a Pastoral Plan they look to the future with goals and objectives that are in keeping with the Mission Statement of Saint Elizabeth Parish.. The current membership of the Saint Elizabeth Parish Pastoral Council includes Debi Bakowski, Tom Bakowski, Jay Black, Carolyn Bourgeois, Wayne Cass, Maureen Crossen, Fr. Dale DeNinno, Dominick DeSalvo, Lisa DiVito, Angie Morini, Janice Niccolai, Gary Remlinger and Richard Urban.

PBR Panel. The PBR Panel is designed to keep your structures preserved for years to come. We use a  Gauge, USA manufactured steel with a  year, Energy Star paint. The 3 PBR Panel is rated for up to a  span between purlins on roofing.. Available Colors. General Information. - 3-foot wide panel with - tall ribs and  spacing between ribs. -  gauge thickness. - Solid structure allows for panel installation over solid sheeting, steel, or wood support members. - Recommended minimum slope pitch of :. - Rolled directly off steel coil. - Cut at any manageable length to the inch. - Polycarbonate Light Panels also available in PBR profile in ' and ' sheets. - A fast rising commercial product for use in commercial and industrial projects

I recently made a pair of biracial dolls with natural hair for a beautiful set of siblings from Chicago. It was so fun to make the little costumes for the dolls too. And I really love how the curls framing the little girl's face turned out!

Biracial dolls with natural hair by Hen and Chick

I also made a special customized art doll for a sweet little girl who was adopted from Ethiopia. Her mom told me she was so excited to have a doll to look like her!

African American custom made doll by Hen and Chick

A few others from this month:

Custom made cloth doll by Hen and Chick

Handmade rag doll by Hen and Chick

I'm also working on some new designs of some little kitty dolls, so keep your eyes put for those!

he Grand Union Canal - Britain's longest waterway - heads from the vibrant heart of the Capital out to the Chilterns, and then on through rolling countryside past historic towns and quiet villages. A grand backdrop for a momentous Challenge!. Emily Wilson and family pictured above completed the km challenge from Paddington to Bletchley in . The Wilson Family made for fantastic support along the way. Her father and two brothers have ankylosing spondyltiis and Emily was inpsired by them to take part in the challenge and support NASS.. Her brother Dougie has made a brillaint video which captures moments of the day along with Emily's extraordinary efforts. Thank you Emily - you are amazing!

Reason 3 You Should Visit.  majors.. This move to eliminate loans from financial aid packages has implications far beyond the financial. Decisions like this are essential in fostering a diverse community of students with different backgrounds and perspectives. Every step taken to make Smith more affordable means that students like myself have more time and energy to focus on our studies, our passions, and our futures. Vanessa Nicole Silva-Burgos '3. LEARN MORE ABOUT YOUR FINANCIAL FUTURE. I appreciate the little moments of joy throughout the new Neilson Library: Maya Lins original sculpture, the outdoor terrace, the sunken garden ... Theres so much to experience.President Kathleen McCartney

Pacific countries are being urged to protect their deep sea mineral resources as commercial interest rapidly grows in the region.One company is planning to undertake the world's first deep sea mining project in Papua New Guinea and there's growing interest elsewhere.Jonathan Lowe from Nautilus Minerals told ONE News their initial focus is on copper, gold, zinc and silver.However extracting it from - kilometres below sea level, has always been the issue - until now.Commercial groups are currently starting to sign up exploration licences around the region and Pacific governments are being urged to protect themselves and negotiate the best deal with interested companiesThey are making heavy investments. They are going to push very hard to get as much of the proceeds as possible, said Dr Jimmie Rodgers, Director of General South Pacific Community.Governments need to be very clear on what it is they want to get out of this. They have to have definite milestones that are not negotiable.

Emily Galpern, MPH, is an independent consultant working with non-profits and universities. She specializes in organizational development, facilitation, training, research, and materials development. Emily has  years of experience managing non-profit programs focused on health and policy advocacy. She has state and national expertise in the fields of bioethics; reproductive health, rights and justice; youth development; and disability rights.

Reversing Facial Marionette Lines Video

Plastic surgeon Dr. Drew Ordon demonstrates how to rejuvenate marionette lines on the face to restore a youthful look.Read the full transcript 

Reversing Facial Marionette Lines Jim: Heres a good one. This is on Facebook. This is Erica Thompson writing. She asks when my faces at rest, my lips go down at the corners. Is there a procedure to fix that? And it sounds a question, like a questions for Dr. Ordon there. Dr. Ordon: Now, Jim that such a great question. I get in the office all the time. What would help me is if I had prop out here, a little ahead to show people how would take care of that. Nobody likes that sneer look. You know, number one. What is cause? Well, its combination of gravity things falling a little bit and loosing volume in the face. How do I fix it? Well, typically its combination of two things. Thank you. Well, thats what I called good service. So, you know, so called sneer or merry in that line, I see it all the time in the office. Its when the corner of your mouth is down turn in here, it gives a sneering look to your face. Its caused by two things; gravity, just gravity pulling down like so and as we age we also loose volume in the face. Its a combination of gravity and volume. Dr. Shears: But if you keep smiling all the time. Dr. Ordon: Well, its athis isnt as much as smiling as crows feet. Dr. Shears: Okay. Dr. Ordon: This is more gravity and volume. So how do we fix it? Well, number one we want to add volume to the corner of the mouth here that so called merry in that line with fillers typically hyaluronic acid and we do a little maneuver where we weave that hyaluronic acid right along the corner of the mouth and that will actually lift that mouth up a little bit. Finally, a little touch of buttocks right here, it will actually bring that lip up. So the solution typically two folds of fillers and some buttocks. Dr. Shears: With some fillers and buttocks. Jim: Which is fairly quick in the office procedure? Dr. Ordon: Yes. Because your face, what really isnt going to help that spot. The face lift will help erase the wavy line, it will help you in the cheek, the jaw, with the botox stops right here, its not going to pull up the corner of the mouth. Dr. Shears: Thank you. Jim: Thank you Dr. Ordon. And Dr. Shears for sharing those great questions with us.

Close

Browse Most Popular Videos

Healthlines mission is to make the people of the world healthier through the power of information. We do this by creating quality health information that is authoritative, approachable, and actionable.

Join more than 3 million monthly visitors like you and let Healthline be your guide to better health.

Sevices Provided. Please refer to our website for a full list of services and MD contacts.. Mission Statement. The Municipal District of Provost No.  continually strives to provide a rural environment where residents may enjoy an excellent quality of life.. Service Delivery Objectives:. To conserve agricultural land.. To maintain and develop a viable Roads Transportation Network.. To promote a diversified agricultural industry and environmentally sound natural resource development.. To protect residents by providing effective emergency response and crime prevention services.. To participate in regional partnerships that promote the availability of health care, education and recreation services and facilities.. To offer resources and support voluntary efforts to provide social programs.. Business Description. The Municipal District Office is open from :3am to :3pm Monday to Friday.. The office is closed on statutory holidays.

Hearts of Oak allowed second-tier side Proud United to labour to clinch a - draw against them in a pre-season friendly on Wednesday.. Edward Odooms side claimed a - first-half through forward Mitchelle Sarpong and midfielder Emmanuel Nettey but, the opposition crawled from behind to equalise both goals in the second half.. Sarpong netted the opener on the th minute before Nettey doubled the advantage 3 minutes before the interval.. But, after the break Proud United came into the game strongly as Odoom shuffled his cards and introduced fresh legs.. Ivorian Eric Dizan, Daniel Yeboah, Umar Manaf and Dominic Eshun were all introduced in the second-half of the game.. Follow the writer on Twitter: Akwasiakyereko

Egbert Coleby Morland

Egbert Coleby Morland   was an English physician and medical editor.

After education at Whitgift School in Croydon and then at Bootham School in York, Egbert Morland studied at Owens College, Manchester, where he graduated BSc in 3. By means of a scholarship, he studied medicine at St Bartholomews Hospital, where he qualified in  MRCS and graduated in  MB with the gold medal in physiology. He held appointments as house physician to St Bartholomew's Hospital and to the Great Ormond Street Hospital, but he developed pulmonary tuberculosis with haemoptysis. He had to abandon his house appointments and seek treatment in Switzerland. His fiance Mary Latchmore insisted on marrying him in 3 and nursed him back to better health.

Morland decided to stay in Switzerland and to specialise in the treatment of tuberculosis. After education at the Protestant boarding school in Schiers, he studied medicine at Berne under Kocher and Sahli. Morland received the MD Berne with thesis ber die klinische Bedeutung der Opsonine in  and, more importantly for his career, the Federal Diploma allowing him to practise medicine in Switzerland.

He practised as a pulmonary specialist in Switzerland for eleven years 3 first at Davos and then in Arosa, as director of the Villa Gentiana, a sanatorium for English-speaking patients. At Arosa he was a pioneer of the English colony and helped to build the Anglophone church. During the first year of WWI he served in France as part of a relief unit under the Friends War Victims Relief Committee FWVRC, but in  went to London and joined the editorial staff of The Lancet.

Morland also edited Maternity and Child Welfare: A Monthly Journal for Workers among Mothers and Children from  to 3. As editor-in-chief of The Lancet from 3 to , he was preceded by Sir Samuel Squire Sprigge and succeeded by Theodore F. Fox. Morland was elected in 3 FRCS and in  FRCP.

Morland and his wife, both Quakers, adopted two sons and a daughter. Egbert Morland came from a Quaker family and had four older brothers. One of his older brothers was Harold Morland, an accountant and auditor, who was Clerk of the Society of Friends from  to 3.

References

Category: births
Category: deaths
Category:th-century English medical doctors
Category:People educated at Whitgift School
Category:People educated at Bootham School
Category:Alumni of the Medical College of St Bartholomew's Hospital
Category:Medical journal editors
Category:Fellows of the Royal College of Physicians
Category:Fellows of the Royal College of Surgeons

You want to enjoy your party and mingle with your guests, not spend the night behind the cocktail shaker.. The Poinsettia Cocktail is the perfect choice for any holiday gathering. Not only is it a crowd pleaser, but it is also super easy to prepare and much of it can be done ahead of time.. This is an adaptation of a recipe I found in one of Emeril's cookbooks. I can't recall exactly which one, but if I remember, I'll post a link to the book..  cup vodka.  cup cranberry juice. Crushed ice.  cup Champagne.  strips orange zest, each about -inch wide and  inches long. Preparation. .In a large pitcher, mix together vodka and cranberry juice. This can be done ahead of time and refrigerated until ready to serve.. .Fill two champagne flutes with crushed ice. Add champagne to pitcher and pour mixture into prepared glasses. Twist two strips of orange zest over each drink and drop in; serve immediately.. Raise your glasses to a happy and healthy holiday season! Cheers!

Clinical development is a critical part of evaluating experimental therapies as potential impactful medicines for people with rare liver diseases. We are committed to rigorous testing of experimental treatments in order to secure regulatory approval and enable the medicine to be available to as many patients as quickly as possible.

Position Perfect. Who needs a big block when parklands are your front yard, downstairs this modern style town home with open plan living offers a generous sized living area spacious dinning, modern kitchen with stainless steel appliances and a separate laundry. A covered courtyard area and remote double lock up garage. Other features include air-conditioning, ducted heating solar gas hot water, flyscreens and security doors throughout. Upstairs features three large bedrooms all with built in robes and balcony access including main with large ensuite, and walk in robes. A central bathroom and study complete the upstairs area. Close to all amenities including the newly opened Lyndarum Shops this home is perfect for the first home buyer or astute investor. Call now to arrange inspection....Read more

Sony adds instant 'remote play' of PlayStation  games on PS Vita. IMAGE.. Update: Sony's official press release states that the long-term goal is to make almost every PS title playable on the Vita using the remote play option over Wi-Fi. That's hedging a bit from what we heard in today's presentation, but there's still a lot of time for Sony to get this working before the PlayStation 's planned launch in late 3.

Rajnil brings close to  years of experience working in the agriculture sector, working with both public and private sector partners. He is very passionate about the growth and development of the agriculture industry. Prior to joining GGGI, he was with Market Development Facility an Australian Government funded multi-country program working as a Business Adviser for  years. He also has experience working in the education sector, teaching at both Secondary and University level. He has extensive experience in managing and implementing projects related to food security and economic development, and a Masters in Sustainable Agriculture from the University of the Sydney, Austral.

Search location by ZIP code

NEWS ARCHIVE

Advertisement

SR  closed north of Oviedo after pursuit, deadly crash

Both directions of State Road  north of Oviedo were shut down after a pursuit led to a fatal crash Monday afternoon. Video from WESH Chopper  showed at least one vehicle involved had sustained significant damage and appeared to have come to a rest in the grassy median. Dave McDaniel WESHMcDaniel has the story.

Both directions of State Road  north of Oviedo were shut down after a pursuit led to a fatal crash Monday afternoon. Video from WESH Chopper  showed at least one vehicle involved had sustained significant damage and appeared to have come to a rest in the grassy median. Dave McDaniel WESHMcDaniel has the story.

Share

Shares

Copy Link

copyShortcut to copy
Link copied!

Updated: :3 PM EST Nov , 

Hide TranscriptShow Transcript

WEBVTT CHOPPER DAN McCARTHY COVERING TRAFFIC TROUBLE. WE BEGIN WITH DAVE McDANIEL ON THE GROUND WITH EXACTLY WHAT HAPPENED? Reporter: THIS ALL STARTED WITH AN ARMED BURGLARY IN SANFORD AT :3 P.M. THIS AFTERNOON. YOU CAN SEE WHERE THEY HAVE THE RAMP ON TO THE  NORTHBOUND HERE AT 3 IN WINTER SPRINGS BLOCKED OFF. IT'S BLOCKED OFF THIS OE OTHER SIDE OF THE LAKE JESUP BRIDGE. THAT CREASE ATEING THE TRAFFIC NIGHTMARE. AGAIN, THIS BURGLARY ON SCOTT AVENUE, THE  BLOCK AT :3 P.M. THIS AFTERNOON IN SANFORD, WE'RE TOLD INVOLVED FIVE SUSPECTS AND TWO STOLEN CARS. AT SOME POINT THE AUTHORITIES SHOWED UP AT THE SCENE AND THEY SAY ALL FIVE SUSPECTS ENDED UP LEAVING THE AREA IN THAT WINE COLORED ACURA. AT ONE POINT WE'RE TOLD THAT DEPUTIES SAW THE ACURA ON THE GROUND AND THEY HAD THEIR CHOPPER OVERHEAD AND SAID THAT THE SUSPECTS WERE CLEARLY RUNNING AWAY FROM LAW ENFORCEMENT. THAT THEY WERE DRIVING ERRATICALLY AT HIGH-SPEED. SO THEY RADIOED AHEAD TO A UNIT THEY HAD SOUTH OF THE LAKE JESUP BRIDGE. THERE THEY HAD A DEPUTY LAY OUT STOP STICKS BECAUSE THEY BELIEVE THE SUSPECTS NEEDED TO BE STOPPED FOR PUBLIC SAFETY SAKE. KEVIN HERNANDEZ ORTH IS IN THE ORANGE COUNTY JAIL --  NO AUDIO  . Reporter: WHAT WE'RE TOLD FROM THE SEMINOLE COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE IS IT'S UNCLEAR WHETHER OR NOT THIS SUSPECT VEHICLE RAN OVER THOSE STOP STICKS OR WHETHER IT ROLLED INTO THE MEDIAN AND ROLLED OVER A COUPLE OF TIMES BECAUSE IT WAS TRYING TO AVOID THEM. ONE PERSON WAS KILLED IN THAT CRASH. THE OTHER FOUR WERE RUSHED TO AREA HOSPITALS. AGAIN, THEY'RE STILL INVESTIGATING EXACTLY WHAT WAS INVOLVED WITH THIS ARMED BURGLARY IN SANFORD AND ALSO THE FLORIDA HIGHWAY PATROL IS

SR  closed north of Oviedo after pursuit, deadly crash

Both directions of State Road  north of Oviedo were shut down after a pursuit led to a fatal crash Monday afternoon. Video from WESH Chopper  showed at least one vehicle involved had sustained significant damage and appeared to have come to a rest in the grassy median. Dave McDaniel WESHMcDaniel has the story.

The only true currency in this bankrupt world is what you share with someone else when youre uncool.

In , Wired contributor Mat Honan got hacked and this year Naoki Hiroshima got hacked. Why? In both cases people wanted to own their short Twitter handles. Its strange to think that something so trivial and ultimately unimportant caused such a problem and in Honans case almost caused him to lose precious data that wasnt backed up. Social engineering played a big part of the problem that led them to getting hacked and while theres not a lot you can do about that you can at least make things more difficult on would-be hackers with two factor authentication. Two factor authentication requires something else in addition to a password to get access to something. It may be a text message to your device, an additional piece of information about yourself, a PIN that only you know, etc.

Techcrunch tells us of a site called TwoFactorAuth.org that keeps a list of services that offer two factor authentication and gives you an ability to let the sites that you rely on that dont offer it that they should.

At a bare minimum, you should ensure that your domain registrar, emailprovider, and cloudproviders are all using it. Controlling a persons email address gives you the ability to reset their passwords on any number of services and you dont want people to be able to wipe any files  backups or be able to hold them hostage as was the case with Honan.

Follow-up study of British military hostages and their families held in Kuwait during the Gulf War.
On  August  Iraq invaded Kuwait and held hostage all its inhabitants. Amongst those forced to stay were  British servicemen and their families who were held hostage for up to four and a half months. This study investigated the mental health status of this group of individuals at  and  months after the final hostage was released. Participants completed the Impact of Event Scale and the -item version of the General Health Questionnaire at both  and  months. In addition they completed a questionnaire regarding background factors, the dimensions of the trauma and the effects of their hostage experience. The Impact of Event Scale scores changed little over time whereas the General Health Questionnaire scores reduced significantly p  . over the -month period suggesting that despite ongoing intrusive and avoidance phenomena levels of psychological distress did reduce. Those variables most strongly associated with a poor psychological outcome were witnessing physical violence and perceived deterioration in physical and mental health. Poor outcome at  months was strongly correlated with poor outcome at  months.

Quality Product. Order On-line Tracking. Timely Delivery. Credit Rating. Credit Services. Credit Purchasing. . Structure of Cold Rolled Drawn Slit Cutting Steel Flat Bar Description:. Cold rolled drawn slit cutting steel flat bar is a beam with an I-shaped cross-section. The horizontal elements of the I are known as flanges, while the vertical element is termed the web. Cold rolled drawn slit cutting steel flat bar is usually made of structural steel and is used in construction and civil engineering. The cold rolled drawn slit cutting steel flat bar resists shear forces, while the flanges resist most of the bending moment experienced by the beam. Cold rolled drawn slit cutting steel flat bar theory shows that the I-shaped section is a very efficient form for carrying both bending and shears loads in the plane of the web.. . Main Features of Steel Flat Bar Chinese Standard Slit and Cut Form:. Steel Flat Bar Chinese Standard Slit and Cut Form Images:. . Steel Flat Bar Chinese Standard Slit and Cut Form.

Description:. From the Camilla handmade range of faux silk two-tone corner cut lamp shades with woven trim.. Lovely  inch two-tone beige faux silk table lamp shade with cut corners and a contrasting woven trim.. This shade requires a -inch shade carrier with the correct sized fitment for your floor lamp base. Please contact us to ensure that you get the right carrier.. This shade is suitable for a large table lamp.

- Polish manufacturer of temperature indicator seeks distributors for device for continuous monitoring of body temperature of patients. A Polish technological company provides an inexpensive and easy to use solution for monitoring of body temperature  CE marked class I medical devic... See more French SME offering algae-based fertilizers is looking for distributors worldwide. French company, located in Brittany, is specialized in sustainable marine biotechnologies. The SME develops, produces and distributes biostimulants an... producer of personal protective equipment disposable face masks seeks distributors. A Polish company specializing in the production of disposable protective face masks, is looking for business partners to expand its sales channels. Portuguese manufacturer of beer and soda is looking for distributors andor commercial agents. A Portuguese company with more than  years of activity that manufactures regional beer and soda is looking for a business partner distributor and... See more

Are you more creative when you're drunk? It's one of those soundbites that you're liable to hear a friend spout off somewhere between their fourth and fifth beer  a little factoid that might actually sound somewhat feasible if only there were a scientific study lying around to back it up.


Fortunately for you, Jonah Lehrer  master of ceremonies over at Frontal Cortex  has served up a recently published study that proves that being drunk can, in fact, be great for creativity. As an added bonus, he throws in a second paper that shows the same can be said about being sleepy.

So how do alcohol and grogginess help you wring as much creative juice out of your brain as possible? According to Lehrer, they both help us consider irrelevant information... eavesdrop on all the stray associations unfolding in the far reaches of the brain. We are more likely to find the answer because we have less control over where we look. He continues:

A brand-new study by scientists at the University of Illinois at Chicago compared performance on insight puzzles between sober and drunk students. They were aiming for real intoxication, giving students enough booze to achieve a blood alcohol level of .. Once the students achieved peak intoxication the scientists gave them a battery of word problems  they're known as remote associate tests  that are often solved in a moment of insight. Here's a sample problem. Your task is to find the one additional word that goes with the following triad of words: Cracker Union Rabbit In this case, the answer is jack. According to the data, drunk students solved more of these word problems in less time. They also were much more likely to perceive their solutions as the result of a sudden insight. And the differences were dramatic: The alcohol made subjects nearly 3 percent more likely to find the unexpected solution.


You can check out the rest of Lehrer's post over on WIRED's Frontal Cortex

Top image via Shutterstock

The ARU had been deciding whether to remove either the Melbourne Rebels or Force but, after a two-week arbitration with RugbyWA, the ARU said they had decided to discontinue the Western Force Super Rugby license.

The Rugby Union Players Association issued a swift response, declaring the ARU's decision as the abandonment of the game's national footprint.

Editor's Picks

The Australian Rugby Union ARU has removed Western Force from Super Rugby, but is adamant Western Australia won't be abandoned by the -man game.

Today's is the darkest day in the history of Australian Rugby with the custodian of the game confirming their desire to end the tenure of the Western Force and abandoning the game's national footprint.

The future of professional Rugby in Western Australia will now be the collateral damage of the decision making of the ARU and SANZAAR to expand Super Rugby to a convoluted and complicated  team structure against various advice and modelling received which explained the associated risks.

Players, staff and their families at the Western Force have been put under unprecedented and, quite frankly, completely unreasonable duress throughout this ridiculous and destructive process.

Engineers in Muldrow, OK. Comprehensive list of Muldrow, Oklahoma based civil, mechanical, electrical, chemical, structural and environmental engineering companies & consultants.. Business Listings. Forst Technology. offers creative engineering services and innovative products. Please feel free to call us if you have any questions. We are focused on delivering solutions for our manufacturing clients to assist them dramatically improve their manufacturing operations and their quality levels..  company focused on failure analysis and prevention. Mechanical, metallurgical, electrical and chemical engineers. What happens when things go wrong? Failures of machinery and structures often result in property damage, business interruption, pollution and individual injuries.!

This is a very good piece on the language and 'culture' of teasing and how it differs from bullying.. .. and. .. Read more here..  comments:. There is a huge line between bullies and teaser. Good-natured teasing is a good tool of learning how to find a nice in a group and adjust.. I find myself to be slightly socially retarded, in that I am frequently unable to tell when someone is joking or teasing. I tend to assume people are being serious by default. But I also think I have a good sense of humor; it's just not the same sense as everyone else seems to have. It's like my brain doesn't pick up on some of these subtle cues.. If humor, intelligence, intellect, or sheer largess of being are used to make a point forcefully then it's a case of bullying. Per me.. Joking and enjoying humor in a group is a healthy part of relating. Absolutely. The more, the better and the more adjusted the person.. Teasing respectfully is a sign of intimacy, I always thought.. it's healthy to learn to relate to others with humor.

Meet Jordan, a freshman in high school, and Taresa, an EdReports.org math reviewer, and hear them share why high quality instructional materials matter to ensure all students receive an equitable education.. October , . Meet four high school students who believe kids are most successful in the classroom when instructional materials are relevant and connect to them personally.. Meet the reviewers and staff of EdReports! Learn what we do and why we're committed to ensuring all students have access to high-quality instructional materials.. Teacher leader, EdReports board member, and advocate for students, Lauren Stuart, speaks to how our commitment to equity today will impact our collective future.. We thought so! Sign up and be the first to know when we release a new report.. Copyright . link back to EdReports.org.

The provincial government and Nova Scotia's doctors have reached a new contract agreement that the president of Doctors Nova Scotia believes will bolster recruitment and retention.

The contract, which includes an eight per cent raise over four years and moves family doctors and some specialists to the top of their pay scales in Atlantic Canada, was approved by the membership of Doctors Nova Scotia this week and released Wednesday. About  per cent of eligible members voted on the deal, which received  per cent support.

Dr. Gary Ernest, president of Doctors Nova Scotia, said having doctors at or near the top of pay scales in Atlantic Canada will help keep doctors in the province and bring back those with ties to here who left for greener financial pastures.

It going to either equalize us or get us close enough to what people are earning in other provinces that it's going to make people say, 'You know, it's close enough or I'm ahead, I'll come to Nova Scotia,' he said in an interview.

The spinoff of that is access for the public.

In total, doctors will get $3 million more by the final year of the deal.

Dr. Gary Ernest is president of Doctors Nova Scotia and a family doctor in Liverpool. CBC

Beyond the eight per cent increase, there is an additional $ million for family and emergency doctors, anesthesiologists, psychiatrists and obstetricians and gynecologists.

Although there have been a variety of shortages in Nova Scotia, psychiatry and anesthesia have been a particular problem for this province and the rest of Canada.

The rural retention bonus will double to $, by the end of the contract, something Ernest, a family doctor in Liverpool, said is particularly significant.

A lot of the rural specialists are holding together services by their fingernails because of difficulties with resources and they really deserve a lot of credit for working long hours, spending a lot of time on call, he said.

Premier Stephen McNeil says getting the contract signed means doctors and the government can now focus on other aspects of the health-care system. CBC

Premier Stephen McNeil said the deal is affordable, leaves room to hire more people if recruitment does increase and should make it easier now to deal with other issues, such as maximizing the use of health-care teams.

This contract negotiation was preventing, in my view, for us to have other conversations, he told reporters in Halifax.

That includes how to have doctors who retire early work on a periodic basis in areas that need extra help, or continue to cover long-term care homes even after closing the rest of their practice.

Those are the kind of innovative conversations we'll start having now with Doctors Nova Scotia, McNeil said.

He said it was clear more needed to be done for certain doctors because of how competitive recrutiment has become. He noted the overall raise to all doctors is generally in keeping with what's being offered to public servants, while allowing for the fact doctors don't have access to government benefits or pensions.

Other incentives in the deal

The deal includes support for succession planning, which would see a new doctor and retiring doctor be allowed to overlap and work together as they make the transition without interrupting service to patients.

There is a promise to reduce the paperwork burden for things such as securing a locum and there will be increased stipends for doctors mentoring medical students in communities. Those programs have been particularly successful in rural communities and Ernest said the stipend, while only $ a week, is important.

Family doctors have also secured a pilot program for a new blended capitation payment model, a system in which doctors receive a combination of salary and a fee for services. The model is used in New Brunswick with some success.

Getting to this point has not always been smooth, with doctors in some parts of the province refusing to provide certain services in protest of what they viewed as unfair wage disparities with counterparts in other regions of Nova Scotia. Things become particular tense in Cape Breton when the government gave a raise to hospitalists who focus only on inpatient care.

McNeil and Ernest said they hope terms in the contract intended to address that disparity will be enough to get doctors back to providing all services.

Premier steps in

The nearly year-long negotiations seemed to stall several times and McNeil said he ultimately decided to become directly involved, contacting Ernest so he could get a sense of exactly what challenges doctors were facing.

He has a very good understanding, quite frankly, of his membership and the concerns that were faced by specialists and how we needed to address those, McNeil said. And there was give and take, and we landed and we arrived at this point.

Ernest said signing the deal is a positive step toward better relations and collaboration between the two sides.

The tide has turned. Things are more positive now and they will become more positive, he said. There's a lot of work to do yet, but this is the start; this is the start of a new era, if you will.

McNeil seemed to agree.

My hope is that this puts us back on solid ground, he said. My hope is that they recognize we have a fiscal responsibility to the entire province. At the same time, we've recognized and listened to some of the challenges they say were in the system and that this deal is fair to them and fair to taxpayers and addresses some of the issues that the system was ailed by.

The contract comes into effect upon signing, which is expected to happen later this week, and is retroactive to April , .

MORE TOP STORIES

The Three Michaels  Lewis, Pollan and Chabon  entertained a large audience with stories of Berkeley and the writing life. Photo: Pete Rosos. The evening was a fundraiser for , a writing program that will open in Oakland to serve East Bay youth.. Related:. 3 Michaels talk writing, inspiration and Berkeley quirks ... The Three Michaels of Berkeley: Supporting, supported ..

Alex Dimez is one hard working dude He recently appeared on London, Ontario radio show The Come Up Show, where he also did a video interview discussing his new EP, being the first rapper in Canada to have his own line of bongs and water pipes, and how to do an impressive live performance. On top of all that, he also appears alongside Angerville in the video for the second single, The Statement, from their album Uprising. If you havent downloaded Alexs Twenty Dimez EP yet, get it at.. The Come Up Show video interview:. Listen to the podcast here:. And check the video for Angervilles The Statement:. Please request the video on MuchMusic:. goingcoastalmuchmusic.com. muchvibemuchmusic.com. ondemandmuchmusic.com. rapcitymuchmusic.com. muchmoremailmuchmoremusic.com. Or via the MuchMusic website at:

Overview:. This week we started working on the Silk Road Map & Guide assignment. Each student is responsible for researching part of the Silk Road. They have to gather important information they will need to know about the human and physical characteristics of their section in order to safely travel the route. Students begun by making research questions that needed to be answered about their section of the road. We spent the second lesson conduction our research and gathering information. The third lesson was spend on gathering maps and pictures, as well as typing information students want to include on their map. Students need to bring print out of materials needed to class next week.

Norm. NEN-ISOIEC 3-: en. Informatietechnologie - Bediening op afstand: Concepten, model en notatie. Volledig inclusief:. 3,. Over deze norm. Specifies the Remote Operations Service ROS using the Abstract Syntax Notation ASN. to define information object classes corresponding to the fundamental concepts of ROS. This, in turn, provides the notation that will allow application designers to specify particular instances of these classes. Also provides a collection of definitions for specifying thegenric protocol between obtects that comminicate using ROS concepts. These definitions are used in the companion RecommendationsInternational Standards to this one to provide the protocol data units, the serviceprimitives and the application context definitions used in the OSI realization of ROS. A number of definitions of general utility to designers of ROSbased applications is also provided. No requirements is made for conformance to this RecommendationInternational Standard.

About us

We are the Directorate-General of the European Commission in charge of the policy area known as Migration and Home Affairs. We manage policies that aim at ensuring that all activities necessary and beneficial to the economic, cultural and social growth of the EU may develop in a stable, lawful and secure environment. More specifically, we work to build an open and safer Europe.

Building a common EU migration and asylum policy

We work to develop a balanced and comprehensive EU migration policy, based on solidarity and responsibility, which - in line with the Europe  strategy - will make an important contribution to the Union's economic development and performance in the longer term. Our aim is to create an EU-wide set of rules for legal migration, while taking into account the interconnection between migration and integration. We also aim to address irregular migration and trafficking in human beings. At the same time, we work to set up a Common European Asylum System, based on solidarity and respect for fundamental rights, to ensure effective protection for the people who need it.

External dimension and funding of the EU home affairs policy

In all these areas, we promote dialogue and cooperation with non-EU countries so that we can work in partnership and jointly tackle common challenges. Our external action contributes to the strengthening of the Union's position as a reliable, active and pragmatic global player, while ensuring the effectiveness of our policies.

To cater for EU interests, whether concerning migration management or security, financial instruments must be at the level of the Union's ambitions. Sound and effective management of these instruments is an essential component of the Migration and Home Affairs policy. We also manage EU financing instruments that support concrete actions in the field of home affairs.

Europe for Citizens

Through this programme we aim to contribute to citizens' understanding of the EU, its history and diversity and foster European citizenship and improve conditions for civic and democratic participation at EU level.

About Crime Point. Crime Point serves the law enforcement community with surveillance equipment that is exclusively engineered to meet the demands of law enforcement that exceed security-grade technology.. The company was established in  by a military veteran and former police sergeant, who recognized the need for progressive, police-specific surveillance equipment that is accurately represented with professional training and support to maximize its use in effective field investigations.

March 3,  Check Out Our Bargain Bin! Shop now for great deals on your gaited horse saddles, bits and other tack! Phoenix Rising Saddles' Bargain Bin has your favorite products on sale! SHOP NOW Share Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Pin on Pinterest Back to News Tags bit blog gait training for young horse horse rack gait how do horse bits work single foot gait starting gait training

Multimodal Concepts for Integration of Cytotoxic Drugs. - Editors. - view affiliations. Part of the Medical Radiology book series MEDRAD. Advertisement. Part of the Medical Radiology book series MEDRAD, derived from recent advances in molecular oncology. The second part of the book comprises a series of disease-specific chapters in which the clinical results of combined modality treatment are presented. In addition, the topics of acute and late toxicity, supportive treatment and tolerance in elderly patients are reviewed. All of the chapters have been written by basic scientists and clinicians who are acknowledged experts in the field. The text is specifically designed to be accessible to professionals from the various disciplines involved in multidisciplinary cancer care and to residents in radiation oncology training programs.

I'd like to move my capture PC away from my Hauppauge , roughly  feet, so I'm thinking of using USB active repeater cables. How much degradation or quality loss will be introduced by using multiple active repeater cables? Thanks.  Reply to Thread. Results  to  of . Thread. Similar Threads. hauppauge  and wintv extendBy tkolt in forum Media Center PC  MediaCentersReplies: Last Post: th Nov , :. Hauppauge  HD PVR & VirtualDubBy MakiManPR in forum CapturingReplies: 3Last Post: 3rd Oct , :3. Extension cables vs Replacement cablesBy Novice in forum Newbie  General discussionsReplies: Last Post: th Jul , :3. Hauppauge  HD-PVRBy tomfranklin in forum LinuxReplies: Last Post: th Sep , :33. hauppauge HD PVR  workflowBy unplug in forum EditingReplies: Last Post: th Sep , :

The first customers were given the red carpet treatment with receptions, banquets and performances. Some of the first people said they were delighted to travel to Taiwan, many saying they've waited a long time to come. There's also excitement among Taiwanese who are hoping the influx in tourism will provide an economic boost. This travel service worker says the tourists could bring in millions of extra dollars every year. Small but peaceful groups of pro-Tibetans gathered outside the airport but were kept far enough away by Taiwanese security forces. A lot is at stake because the flights are the first signs of warmer relations between the two countries.. Direct flights between Taiwan and China. Comment

Beatport Music Awards . The Beatport Music Awards aims to recognize electronic music talent. With nominees based solely on Beatport sales data from March   March , the awards are broken down by music genre.. There are 3 categories altogether: Best Artists separated into  genres, and Best Track  genres, with both originals and remixes, with a final open question asking the public to name the most influential, relevant and forward-thinking person in electronic music over the past  months.. Voting closes on May th , with the winners announced on or around May th.

Author
Topic: TSC Variations and Errors Thread Read 33 times

Nice find on the vaders. I have one on the way to me from California. I'm looking for the cape closed standing still vader with mini holo vader now. Him and the boba with flames in front and boba mini holo. You can see the misspelled stand on the leia with it still carded but its tough. The easiest way to tell is that the misspelled stand leia is on the datestamp  and earlier, anything later is the correct stand.

I found both Chewie versions. Am I to assume the small link is the first version, and ultimately be the Harder to find version?

What's everyone else finding on this?

The small link version came after the the large link one according to datestamps but then again the bly with yellow armpits was first then on the next datestamp they had white armpits and then on the next datestamp they switched back to yellow from then on.

I found both Chewie versions. Am I to assume the small link is the first version, and ultimately be the Harder to find version?

What's everyone else finding on this?

The small link version came after the the large link one according to datestamps but then again the bly with yellow armpits was first then on the next datestamp they had white armpits and then on the next datestamp they switched back to yellow from then on.

i actually found the small link version once way back when this wave was first released. since then, i have come across about  different chewies from various stores and all have been the large link version. i was under the impression the small link was much more rare.

Yale University. NCAA. Ivy League. ECAC Hockey. During his junior season, Sean stroked the varsity eight boat that finished sixth at IRAs.. At TC Williams, Sean lettered in crew all four years and was also on the basketball and track teams. He was awarded TC Williams Male Athlete of the Year in  and elected to the Washington Post All-Metropolitan Rowing Team in 3.. Sean is a senior in Morse college majoring in Economics. His interests include playing the guitar, going to concerts, playing basketball and video games. He hopes to become a rock star.. Administration . Athlete Services . Boosters . Calendar . Camps . Compliance . Directions . Facilities . Intramurals . Kids Club . Links . Multimedia . On Campus . Recruiting . Sponsorship . Staff Directory . Tickets . Traditions

KHLIERIAT, Meghalaya -- The National Green Tribunal ban on coal mining and transportation of coal in Meghalaya's Jaintia Hills region has resulted in many of those engaged in the activity switching to turmeric farming for their livelihood.

For the past one year, these coal-miners, who previously practised unscientific mining and transportation of coal, have taken to cultivation of famed curcumin-rich Lakadong turmeric varieties at their villages in East Jaintia Hills District.

D Rymbai, a resident, invested in turmeric cultivation in his six-acre barren land at Moolamylliang village.

Rymbai owned a few coal mines at the village and never thought of farming as a viable alternative to coal mining until April last year when the NGT issued the blanket ban.

After the NGT ban, I was disillusioned as to what to do for my livelihood. We had become so dependent on coal mining prior to the ban, Rymbai said.

Like Rymbai, almost  per cent of the residents of the village were totally dependent on money that came from coal.

Rat-hole coal mining took over in the early s and in a span of  years, one could see holes dug up everywhere in the village land in search of coal and even paddy fields were not spared.

The April  order of the NGT came as a game changer as people started looking for alternative source of income.

District Horticulture officer G Dohling says that the department has come up with a turmeric hub to promote cultivation of the famed Lakadong variety of turmeric.

The hub was built at a cost of Rs  lakh, funds from the 3th Finance Commission, and will benefit the local farmers, he said.

Meghalaya produces over , MT of turmeric in a year and majority of this production is concentrated in Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills region because of the favourable micro-climatic and soil conditions. .

According to horticulture department officials, there are at least , farmers engaged in turmeric cultivation and the number is likely to increase.

Jaintia Hills region consisting of two districts produces at least three varieties of turmeric - Lakadong, Laskein and Ladaw, each having their separate identity, a senior horticulture officer said.

The Indian Council for Agricultural Research data shows that the curcumin content of Lakadong variety is .-. per cent, about  per cent higher than the turmeric available in the market.

There is a very high demand from the pharmaceutical industry for these curcumin-rich turmeric varieties as it can be used in cosmetic, pharmaceutical and dyefood-colouring industries.

At present ITC Ltd is procuring Lakadong turmeric slices for extracting curcumin used for in its pharmaceutical units.

The Kentucky Wildcats took a break from the grind of fall camp to take a trip to the pool.. Clearly inspired by the diving competition in the Olympics, head coach Joker Phillips attempted a back flip at the : mark. It had decent form, but the judges will knock a few points off due to the poor entry.. The highlight of the video, without a doubt, is offensive guard Steven Duff. The ', 33-pounder shows off his front flip, and adds in a half twist at the : mark, and then follows it up with another flip before deciding that flipping is overrated and splashes his teammates.. Wildcat players also showed off their technology and ability to multi-task, taking the camera with them on trips down the slide and off of the diving board.. Breaks like this aren't out of the ordinary during fall camp. Georgia head coach Mark Richt has taken his Bulldogs to the pool in the past, and even back-flipped off the high dive last season.. Way to keep things fun, Kentucky.

Hey, thanks for stopping by. My name is Des Polk and Im multi-media artist, poet, choreographer, public speaker & founder of Radical Black Girl.. Radical Black Girl produces performances, workshops, media content and speaking engagements for schools, institutions and communities around globe. If you like Radical Black Girl's work and would like to get involved, dont hesitate to reach out!. Building relationships locally, nationally and internationally.. radicalblackgirlteamgmail.com. Am I woke now?. RBG changed the way I look at myself and my world. Destiny is my destiny.. Yo RBG is the best like.... The best!!. RBG like totally touched my soul. It was like being IN Dear White People.. Hit Enter to Search or X to close

Went to ggj and it was awesome. Here are the tracks I made for three different games and teams.. What is a game jam?. Imagine thousands of game developers meeting up each year in different locations in more than  countries, making games to a specific topic this year's topic: Ritual in no less than  hours. Our meetup had about  participants. I composed themes and melodies for three teams.

David M. Cote. Related Definitions. Articles Of Interest. The Basics Of Corporate StructureCEOs, CFOs, presidents and vice presidents: learn how to tell the difference.. Evaluating A Company's ManagementFinancial statements don't tell you everything about a company's health. Investigate the management behind the numbers!. A Guide To CEO CompensationMake sure you assess whether a CEO has a stake in doing a good job for you, the shareholder.. When Insiders Buy, Should Investors Join Them?Insider tracking can inform your investment strategy, but it requires research and a level head. Find out what to look for.. Governance PaysLearn about how the way a company keeps its management in check can affect the bottom line.. Evaluating The Board Of DirectorsCorporate structure can tell you a lot about a company's potential. Learn more here.. Top  Questions Investors Should Ask ManagementFind out how to get the answers you want without getting the company line..

Is the Advanced Trauma Life Support simulation exam more stressful for the surgeon than emergency department trauma care?
Stress affects surgeons both during training and during professional activity. To compare stress levels affecting surgical residents during the simulated initial assessment and management in the Advanced Trauma Life Support practical exam vs initial assessment and management of trauma patients in the emergency room. Eighteen surgical residents were evaluated under basal conditions, during the Advanced Trauma Life Support simulation, and during emergency room initial care. Heart rate, systolic arterial pressure, and diastolic arterial pressure were measured. The Student t test was used to test for differences between means, with statistical significance declared when P  .. Heart rate and systolic arterial pressure were increased at the beginning and at the end of Advanced Trauma Life Support simulation and emergency room initial care. Diastolic arterial pressure was only increased at the end of the Advanced Trauma Life Support simulation. Comparing values obtained during the Advanced Trauma Life Support simulation with those obtained during emergency room initial care, heart rate and systolic arterial pressure were significantly higher during the Advanced Trauma Life Support simulation both at the beginning and end of the test events. However, diastolic arterial pressure was only significantly higher for Advanced Trauma Life Support simulation compared emergency room at the end of the procedures. These results suggest that the simulation in the practical exam portion of the Advanced Trauma Life Support course is more stressful for the resident surgeon than is the actual initial assessment and care of trauma patients in an emergency room.

Eli Reed Blues Trio. In , Eli Paperboy Reed stepped in to a basement studio in Boston, Massachussetts with a few friends and and a plan: To record the combination of Downhome Blues, R&B and Soul that they had been experimenting with in rehearsal and at clubs around the city.. Now,  years later, things are quite different. Reed has gone on to become a star on the international Soul scene, with three more full-length albums, many singles and hundreds of live shows around the world under his belt. As the  year anniversary of Walkin and Talkin approached, though, Reed began to think more and more about the magic that happened that day in the studio and that it might be time to revisit it.. Now, with Reed, the three of them are reuniting to celebrate the  year anniversary of that classic album with a tour and a vinyl-only reissue. This is a once in a lifetime even to see Eli Paperboy Reed return to his Raw Blues roots with just his guitar, his voice and his old friends supporting.

As the farm bill writhes in congressional death throes, Reason magazine reports that more than , deceased farmers received subsidies between  and . The total cost of these post-mortem outlays? More than $ billion. Though official policy checks off on subsidies for up to two years after a farmers death if the farm is still operational, a substantial portion of the payments were distributed beyond the time limit. The research originated in a July report by the Government Accountability Office pdf. Then the shrugging commenced. Michael Rowe

artisan soap cotswold company.. artisan soap making seminar vanilla extended seasons indoor gardening cotswold company uk,alicias artisan soapery companies soap marketplace new inc lovestruck making seminar,artisan soap bars llc handmade australia soaps the best selection of in central cotswold company,artisan soap australia essential oil handmade bar gift for men cold making classes philippines soapery,artisan soap near me luscious pear dragon fruit salted rock bath co maker wholesale uk,artisan soap shampoo bar bath treats shaving uk cotswold company shoppe,artisan soap near me best images on soaps packaging and cotswold company shoppe,artisan soap maker company got the body shop on a rope meaning,best soap images on soaps handmade artisan uk lovestruck soapery company,artisan soap making classes philippines handmade by sass e sisters shaving uk lovestruck soapery.

Where people who are thinking about, or have started and established a home business get together to share tips and ideas, or just plain VENT!. Let's be real here for a second ...most everyone fails in MLM.. Dont get me wrong, I love network marketing and I believe that a person needs to take some responibility for their own successfailure, but the reality is that the network marketing companies aren't doing anythign to help us. If we get TOTALLY REAL with ourselves, then we realize that it's not about the product or service that the company offers but rather the fact that we want to make alot of money. And...if we want to make alot of money then we need DUPLICATION. And if we want duplication then we should stop cold calling people, and 3 that really know what they're doing.. Now in Pre-Launch --

AWEBrightTM is made from 3M Scotchlite, Reflective Spoke material Clips that will fit onto spokes with a diameter of .-mm, these are cm long and can be placed on every other spoke to ensure that being seen in the dark is a must, 3 Degree Visibility, these have British Standard  and StVZO German Road Traffic Approvals, TUV Certified Rolling Road Impact Tested 3, Times.

Features: Easy installation, it can be fixed on cycle spoke. Consists of 3pcs colorful LEDs. Flash 3 kinds of flower patterns which will be changed every few seconds. Pattern is clear and completely when speed up to  km  hour. Equipped with light sensor and movement sensor, flash only at night and moving, it will not work and save power when not running. Operated by 3 AAA batteries, can work about 3 hours. Specifications: Size: .  3  .cm.  . .in Pacage Weight: 3g  3.3oz Package Includes:H   LED Signal Light

Skull design Wheel Valve Light can be used for car,motorcycle,bicycle,mountain bike etc. You just need to connect it to valve hole. It can flash light as you tightening it,a great part for lighting and decoration at night. Easy to install and replace Just tighten the valve to turn on the blue light High quality, small, lightweight,long life.

This was one of my favorite recent bird photos. Getting a sharp close photo of any songbird is usually somewhat of an accomplishment, but capturing one doing something cutesy can be especially endearing.. White-throated Sparrow. This photo was largely the result of right time, right place. But composition-wise I knew I wanted a bit of negative space on the right side of the frame, so the image would not appear too crammed. I went with an aperture of F. to pull some of the vegetation into focus as well as ensure decent sharpness throughout the birds body.. Advertisements

!if !IE. !endif. Whether on stage or in the studio, Elite Core snakes are built tough for years of reliable performance on the road, your home studio, church, or school. Elite Core's snakes have everything you're looking for in a snake-rugged construction for long-term durability. Elite Core snakes feature high-quality wire, connectors and shielding for clean, quiet audio performance, plus the added protection and value of an included road case with retractable handle and wheels!. Elite Core PS x Stage Snake with Case Features

- Step by Step Brazilian Wax -. - Your hair and growth patterns will be analyzed and the perfect waxes will be chosen for your Brazilian wax.. - If there is anything we need to know prior to your waxing, now is the time to tell us. skin tags, moles ext... - The actual waxing experience will be fairly quick and not very uncomfortable at all. We will use between 3 to  different waxes during your session. This is so we can use the perfect wax for each section we are waxing.. - If this is your first Brazilian wax, we will remove the hair in much smaller strips to make your treatment as comfortable as possible.. - Special wax is used in the more sensitive areas. This special was DOES NOT stick to your skin. This makes for a more comfortable Brazilian wax!. - When your Brazilian Wax is complete, a special gel is applied and you are done.. - You get your trophy and some paperwork and your off to enjoy your wax!

What do we think of when we think of siblings? We think of similarity, familiarity and a duality of human nature. In this photo series titled Siblings Azaan Shah brings out these qualities in his photos where similarity of subject matter is captured in a compelling way. The photo series Siblings, which is Azaan's long term project, is inspired by the photographers gaze to find a similarity in people and things which we see on a daily basis in the streets in Srinagar. The photos in this series have real-life siblings as subjects or people who somehow, through the photographer's vision, end up having quality of real life siblings.. Azaan Shah is a documentary photographer from downtown Srinagar. Azaans photos have been featured in a recently released photo book Witness: Kashmir     Nine Photographers edited by filmmaker Sanjay Kak. The photographs in this series have been shot with a mobile camera and what is remarkable about them is the broad range of human emotions that they are able to convey..

We help clients in the following sectors. Large Corporates. Global and complex diverse geographies with complex and specific people propositionsprojects. Private Equity. People due diligence; assessments and analysis;. C suite personal profiling, Leadership training. Small Medium Enterprises SMEs. From everyday issues to complex people matters; HR strategic formulation or execution; enabling growth through hiring and talent management; partnering with the business to achieve shortmedium and long term goals. Human Resources Functions. Budgeting, modelling or planning your function to optimise expertiseheadcount; outsourcing HR expertise to us to save the function timemoney; Outsourcing. M & A. Transformational and change projects multiple and global geographical transition expertise, stabilisation toolkits and communication strategies. Consultancy and Professional Services. Leadership behaviours and branding, managing people due diligence; planning for succession

Fruit smoothie. Our fruit smoothie is tasty and healthy.. General data:.  stars based on 3 reviews. Prep time:. Total time:. Nutrition data:. Yield:  serving. Serving size:  big glass. Calories per serving: 3. Fat per serving: g. Ingredients:. Apples: . Oranges: . Bananas: . Kiwis: . Low fat yogurth:  dcl  . oz. Instructions:. Start off by washing all the fruits! Cut and peel apple, orange, kiwi and banana. Slice all the fruit in smaller pieces. The smaller the pieces the better the mix. Put all the pieces into blender along with yogurth. It is best to use non fruit low fat yogurth. Start the blender and watch the rainbow of colors. Pour your freshly made fruit smoothie into the glass. Enjoy your smoothie.. Take a look at our other smoothies too: Healthy smoothies list. My favourite!! So fresh and healthy 

hey. Teaching Personnel are looking to appoint a Key stage  Teacher for a school they currently work with, it is a large  form entry located in the S postcode of Barnsley.. The school is looking for a Teacher to cover a Key stage  class to work Wednesday afternoons, all day Thursday and all day Friday as part of a job share with another member of staff.. This is the Ideal Teacher role for someone who doesn't want to work on a full time basis.. The school. We aim to create a love for learning in all students and promote and developing enquiring minds, every child should value themselves as a unique individual celebrating diversity and respecting differences.. All pupils should work in unity as a community and strive to help each other through adversity. Mitch Stringer at the Barnsley Primary Branch or call for more information on  

Basil Tea: For Those Who Have Heart. The average human heart pumps up to two thousand gallons of blood a day. In the average lifetime, a persons heart will pump one million barrels of blood. The heart works hard and never stops until death, making it an organ that everyone should take extra care of. Many factors contribute to cardiovascular health such as diet, exercise, and other lifestyle choices. Every year, hundreds of thousands of people are diagnosed with heart failure. Drinking basil tea can provide the nutrients necessary to avoid falling into that statistic.

Exterior of the University of Glasgow's Bower Building, s. It was named for Frederick Orpen Bower, Professor of Botany at the University -.. Between  and , botany lectures were given in a tower in the east quadrangle of the Gilbert Scott Building. In  work began on a new building on the south side of University Avenue, designed by the architect John J Burnet.. It was seriously damaged by fire in .. Reference: Glasgow University Archive Services, PHU. University of Glasgow. Keywords:. botany, Bower Building, fires, pepperpot turrets, Scots Baronial, University of Glasgow buildings. You have  images in your photo album.

Offer is subject to change. Does not apply to sale items.. From the Artist. - Tell us a bit about this design and what is the message or meaning you're trying to convey.. - Keeper of the forest, he is my neighbor.. - Who are you?. - I'm just that guy designing stuff from a post-nuclear silo somewhere in the very middle of the Iberian Peninsula. Oh, and I like cheese.. - Any shout outs?. - To my lovely wife for creating the spark for this design and, to my fantastic son for liking everything I do. To everyone enjoying and supporting my art, you rock!. Thank you guys!

With accusations of sexual harassment and worse, the most awful thing someone could put in the article was a woman was reprimanded for almost starting a fire in her living quarters and women are not allowed male visitors or overnight guests which is in line with their culture and laws and was not uncommon for many groups of women in the U.S.up until not so long ago and I'll bet can still be found in some dormitories at colleges.?

I was pretty sure it should be female flight attendants, not woman flight attendants. Woman used as an adjective or noun adjunct sounds awkward and derogative to me the easiest example I can think of is woman driver. Then I did a little google and fell into an internet grammar wormhole. Apparently woman is often allowed in this context in the style books of reputable news sources. I still don't like it.

Yes, but at such often but not always religious schools the policy is nearly already gender-symmetric except AFAIK schools don't tend to bother to prohibit same sex overnight guests.

Also, the policies are rarely enforced, and frequently have more to do with building security guests must be registered, etc. than anything else.

And frankly, I don't understand why we allow college dorms housing what are legally adults, to make any requirements a landlord wouldn't be able to make. Especially when schools have residency requirements or off-campus housing isn't a realistic option.

Different country, though they're close to each other. Part of the Saudi Arabian shoreline is in between, though I've seen on older maps that Qatar and UAE apparently once bordered each other.

As for the working conditions, I always suspected that cruise ships were this way but I really have nothing to corroborate that.

Speaking of the Arabian Peninsula, I have an old Nat'l Geographic globe from the mid-s. UAE was then Trucial States. Oman was Muscat and Oman, and the globe depicts it as narrow shading along the coastline, rather than showing actual boundaries perhaps to differentiate from Oman proper though the globe isn't quite that old. Part of present-day Yemen was South Arabia and is similarly shown as existing only along the coastline.

The US has  mio immigrants each year, Qatar has . mio inhabitants. Here's a batshit idea: the US could offer all Qataris US citizenship, the offer limited to one year. That would sort thing out... Oh wait, is that one of those countries where woman can't get on a plane without signed consent from a male relative?

Boycott Qatar? At least spread the message so that people who go to work there know what they're getting themselves into, and know to send their salary out of the country each month to prevent it being seized. It sounds onerous to work there - but just possibly within the bounds of cultural differences - although the CEO of the airline sounds like an utter jerk. Qatar has different laws and different views about sex before marriage compared to Europe, America or most of the rest of the world. If people from Europe go in with their eyes open and take the view that it's a useful training experience and something to do for a year or two to get a line on their CV before moving on to a European or US or anywhere else in the world airline with proper working practices and employer relations, for some people it could be a tolerable experience.

That's not meaningful. They get their revenue from sources other than their airlines, and frankly the two dozen white people who do aren't going to have any impact.

Since when is a boycott an effective measure in a global economy? That's been the whole point of globalization- the demobilization of local and culturally specific factors inhibiting trade. Boycotts are the actions of the lazy and the impotent. Not that I have anything against the impotent, we're all largely impotent- but I'm against the delusion that we accomplish anything by specific inaction.

Qatar is the venue for the  Football World Cup which, for those of you who know anything about football, is a big thing. If they want to host one of the biggest sporting events in the World they should expect people to start to look at them closely. I suspect this article will be the first of many. Whether it changes anything... well, I hope so.

Proteus Commodities, Incorporated in the State of Oregon in January of , is focused on the procurement and distribution of Animal Feed Ingredients throughout North America, South America and Asia. With nearly 3 years of industry experience and a worldwide network of agents, vendors, and customers in place, Proteus Commodities Inc. has the necessary network to help you succeed. Our industry is based on relationships and trust. At Proteus we are proud that our core business is repeat business thanks to our ability to perform and to deliver high quality products on schedule to our customers.. At Proteus, our emphasis is on procurement and distribution of ingredients for the agricultural sector, including:.  Aquaculture  Pet Foods  Poultry  Swine  Dairy  Organics 

Psychiatric Day Treatment Services. Riversides.. Our programs offer evidence-based skills training, in CBT, DBT, WRAP, dual diagnosis, health promotion, and symptom management. This training is more effective because participants experience safety and belonging which enable hope and belief in their ability to achieve recovery and wellness. The result is to empower participants, who otherwise would be at enduring risk for hospitalization, to manage their conditions and the demands of daily life, supporting an improved quality of life.. Day Treatment Referral Form. Day Treatment Daily Schedule. Day Treatment Group Descriptions. View Mark and Dianes Psychiatric Day Treatment stories below:. We are pleased to share comments from the people we serve:. This place saved my life. - Michael

Increased CNTF levels in adults with autism spectrum disorders.
Ciliary neurotrophic factor CNTF is a neurotrophin which could signal neuronal suffering and at the same time acts as a neuroprotective agent. In the present study we aimed to evaluate CNTF serum levels in autism spectrum disorders ASDs. In fact, considering the role of CNTF as a neuronal damage signal and the role of neuroinflammation, excito-inhibitory imbalance and excitotoxicity in the pathogenesis of ASDs, a possible alteration of CNTF in ASDs could be hypothesised. We recruited 3 individuals with ASDs and intellectual disability ID,  ID subjects and  typical adults. A complete medical and psychopathological characterisation of the participants was performed. CNTF serum levels were measured with ELISA. CNTF serum levels were significantly higher in the ASD  ID group compared to ID p  . or typically developed subjects p  .. CNTF may be considered as a potential biomarker candidate for ASDs in the context of severe ID. Our results support the hypothesis of neurotrophic imbalance in ASDs.

.. Make a Point Writing Salon. - Date:  : AM - : PM. - Location: Senior Center.  Longs Peak Avenue. Longmont, Colorado . Make a Point Writing Salon. - Registration 3.. - Time: : am  :3 pm. - Dates: Mondays, December , January , and February . - Cost: Free, and please register in advance. Make a Point Writing Salon: Want to explore your writing skills? Want help prompting ideas from your brain to paper? All you need is paper and penpencil and an open mind. Spend the time writing and encouraging each other. The salon is facilitated by Debbie Noel. Previously an award winning reporter, marketing director, executive director and project manager, her talents were used in various ways to fulfill her dream of writing. Debbie held a writing salon in Pennsylvania and now brings her writing and organizational skills to Colorado with this salon and her blog Drop in With Debbie at longmontcolorado.govownit.

The pan-European fiber operator Interoute added a bit more fiber to its network at its southern frontier this morning. They've added a new route to the rest of Europe from their landing stations in Mazaro del Vallo on the island of Sicily and Bari on the Adriatic Sea.. That's the toe and the heel of the boot for those with a more visual image of Italy, and the new route follows the southern coastline while adding ,3 route kilometers of fiber. It provides new diversity to those submarine cables that land there rather then go all the way up to Marseilles, supplying three new G routes back to the rest of Interoute's European fiber network.. More of Interoute's focus lately has gone toward its cloud services, so it's nice to see a bit of news on the fiber side. They did also make an inorganic move up in the UK with the purchase of Vtesse last year, giving them deeper British reach.. Discuss this Post

St. Pats Water Parade. The th Annual St. Pats Water Parade will take place Saturday, March . The parade is a fun day trip on the water and a perfect way to kick off the Spring boating season!! New route this year will start us out at Captain Ron's 3. MM. Optional Breakfast Buffet beginning at  a.m. Boats depart and parade begins at  a.m.. Captain Ron's 3. mm, LR - to Bear Bottom 3 mm, LR -3 to Bulldogs Beach House 33 mm, LR - and then Larry's on the Lake 3 mm, Pier 3 Road.. New this year will be a terrific give-away for the 'Best Decorated Boat & Crew'. You could win a  Flat Screen TV. As always, souvenir long sleeve shirts will be available. We are looking forward to another great parade in .. We have enlisted the Celebration Cruise boat and now have  tickets available. Call today to sign up. 3-3-. Registration, schedule and route for the Celebration link here.. Link here for schedule and route information for the Tropic Island cruise boat which is sold out.

. Field of the Invention
This invention is concerned with improvements in machines for conforming portions of shoe uppers to the shapes of their corresponding lasts.
. Prior Art
Various proposals have been made to provide automatic or semi-automatic shoe machines for lasting side portions of shoes which require little or no attention by a machine operator apart from presentation of the shoe and removal of the shoe from the machine. It has been proposed to load and unload machines by an automatic shoe presenting and removing device. Some of the proposed machines employ helically ribbed wiping rolls for wiping marginal portions of an upper of a shoe assembly. For example, U.S. Pat. No. 3,,, assigned to the assignee of the present invention, discloses a shoe machine having independently mounted wiping rolls for performing a side lasting operation simultaneously along the opposite side portions of a shoe assembly. The wiping rolls are displaced widthwise of the shoe assembly in accordance with variations of outline shape of the shoe bottom, utilizing template means for controlling the widthwise displacement of the wiping rolls as they operate progressively along the shoe bottom. The U.S. Pat. No. 3,,, also assigned to the assignee of the present invention, discloses a shoe machine having lasting rolls which are arranged to simultaneously wipe marginal portions of opposite sides of the upper of a shoe assembly so that the upper and insole become secured together by adhesive applied therebetween. Means for effecting relative movement lengthwise between the lasting rolls and the shoe supporting means causes the rolls to operate progressively along side portions of the shoe assembly. Each of the lasting rolls has a wiping element disposed helically about a circumferential portion of the roll. The lasting rolls are supported by roll-carrying means that extend at least substantially widthwise of the shoe assembly being operated upon. The roll-carrying means are capable of arcuate movement about an axis extending generally lengthwise of the bottom of the shoe assembly. The side lasting rolls of the machine just referred to are of sufficient length to operate upon the marginal portions of the upper without widthwise displacement of the rolls. The specification of U.S. Pat. No. 3,,, again also assigned to the assignee of the present invention, describes a machine which is generally similar but which has means for changing the angle included between the axes of the two lasting rolls at the opposite sides of the shoe to suit it to different transverse curvatures of different portions of the shoe bottom.
Various proposals have been made to combine lasting of a shank portion of a shoe assembly with a heel seat lasting operation on the shoe assembly in a single machine which would effect a reduction of manpower as compared with a two-machine system requiring two operators. While some success has been achieved by the use of the combined machines, the machines have had certain limitations as to the extent of the side lasting operations. Some of the proposals have required a considerable amount of adjustment of the lasting arrangement by the machine operator and are not fully automatic machines.
One of the various objects of the present invention is to provide an improved shoe machine having heel seat lasting and side lasting arrangements which are capable of automatically lasting the whole of the side and seat portions of a shoe assembly heelwardly of the portion lasted by a pulling over and toe lasting machine.

Multiple Tornadoes Confirmed Saturday Across the Area, Damage Reported. By: David Shepherd, Director of News & Public Information  Photo Submitted By: Neil Forler. TELL CITY -- The National Weather Service has confirmed multiple tornadoes touched down in the area Saturday.. An EF   hit Main Street in Tell City, damaging roofs and bending an amateur radio tower.. A tree blew onto a garage in town and multiple large trees were downed.. The twister had peak winds between  mph   mph and was on the ground for just under two miles before breaking up at the northern end of Quaker Road.. An EF- tornado also touched down in Stanley in neighboring Warrick County.. That one packed winds of  mph and cut a  and a quarter mile path, blowing out a wall of a home and damaging roofs and crops.. An EF  tornado was also confirmed in Hancock County, Kentucky.. Luckily, no injuries reported in any of Saturdays tornadoes.

Q:

From FullyName string to Type object

Anyone know how to get a Type object from a FullName?
Eg. 
string fullName  typeofstring.FullName; 
Type stringType  INSERT CODE HERE 
Assert.AreEqualstringType, typeofstring 

A:

string fullName  typeofstring.FullName; 
Type stringType  Type.GetTypefullName;

However, note that this only searches the calling assembly and core MS assemblies. It is better to use either the AssemblyQualifiedName, of find the Assembly first, and use Assembly.GetTypefullName.
Either:
string qualifiedName  typeofstring.AssemblyQualifiedName;
Type stringType  Type.GetTypequalifiedName;

or
Assembly a  typeofSomeOtherTypeInTheSameAssembly.Assembly;
Type type  a.GetTypefullName;

Update re comments; note that AssemblyQualifiedName includes versioning information; this is fine for use in things like configuration files, but if as is the case here you are using this for persistance, it is often better to use an implementation independent contract. For example, xml via XmlSerializer or DataContractSerializer is not concerned about the specific types, as long as the layout is correct.
If space is an issue, binary formats are often shorter - but BinaryFormatter includes type metadata, and isn't platform independent try consuming it from java, for example. In such cases, you might want to look at custom serializers such as protobuf-net, which is contract-based, but using Google's protocol buffers cross-platform wire format.



Description. A & C Black, Quarto, paperback, colour photographs.. $.. This book contains many amazing images of patterns in nature as well as the information to help guide you towards making your own. Aimed at people who have used a camera before, but are looking to expand their knowledge, or for those who just want to have a go, it covers choice of camera, use of lenses, composition and the consideration of light and exposure. It also looks at types of pattern, symmetry and texture through the use of photos and could be used as a source of inspiration for other photographers and artists, through all the fabulous photos of patterns found in animals, leaves, insects, flowers and minerals amongst other subjects.. A & C Black, Quarto, paperback, colour photographs.. This book, while.

When we think of fashion staples, we think of boots. No matter what the temperature, theyre the shoes we want to be wearing, and they come in so many different styles, colors, and materials that they just cant get boring. While we love a great t-shirt or classic pair of jeans, theres just something about boots. Whether your style is classic, edgy, or fashion forward, we found a pair of shoes that youre going to live in throughout the year. Its hard work, but someones got to do it.. When you spy a pair of lace-up boots on your best friend, dont say we didnt warn you. Those styles will be everywhere this season; but theyre not the only ones. The  lineup is rife with utilitarian boots, animal print, and Western-inspired styles; these are the picks to buy now and wear all year long. No matter what your style is, theres a chic pair of boots to match.

 bottom-up project that mobilised the inhabitants of a small town to create their own development plan.. RDP support helped set up a new dairy factory which combined the most modern production techniques and equipment with traditional knowledge, in order to produce a high-quality niche cheese for local and international markets.. EU funding conrtibuted to create and promote a new cultural and culinary brand for the attractive Vistula valley in Poland, helping the region to entice tourists... The initiative reveals how various sources of funding can be used in a synergistic way to capitalise upon local resources and tackle unemployment sustainably.. LEADER funding helped the economic development of a small Polish rural village building on the local communitys rich history.

london car dealerships london ky chevrolet dealers.. london ont used car dealerships musk vs sues new jersey for the right to ct ontario ford,london ky used car dealerships kentucky a guide to the common terms in cars new ct,london ky chevrolet dealers east car dealerships motor sports dealership used uk,toyota car dealerships london ontario new used dealer near ct cardinal north,new london car dealerships south east dealers used gallery dealership,in a london ky car dealers chevy dealer dealership jobs north,new london ohio car dealership used dealerships uk an important authorized ky,car dealership jobs london ontario used dealerships uk taxis are coming to in 3 years ist,east london car dealers kentucky dealerships ohio dealer,motor sports car dealership east london dealerships ontario used new dealers.

There is a new interview with Eric at Guardian.co.uk.. Whats your favourite piece of technology, and how has it improved your life?. TV-B-Gone. Its a wonderful little device that has one button  which, when pressed, will turn off any television within  metres. Its ideal when youre sitting in an empty pub and a television is blaring adverts too loudly. A simple device that brings peace.. When was the last time you used it, and what for?. Last week. To turn off a TV.. What additional features would you add if you could?. It would be nice if the company expanded their repertoire a bit. People-who-speak-on-cellphones-in-shops-B-Gone would be swell. Not to mention Taxes-B-Gone.. Do you think it will be obsolete in  years time?. No.. What always frustrates you about technology in general?. All that damned convenience.  Keep reading

January  :3-pm. The event is completely free and open to all skill levels. We will be collecting donations for RISE  as well.. We will be offering a free women's self defense class for females ages  & up. This will be at our Templeton location. 3 La Cruz Way. Participants must pre-register by emailing or calling us at paragonslosbcglobal.net, -3-.. This class will introduce the basics of physical self defense. We will cover striking defense, wrist releases, wall escapes and basic ground work.

In spite of pandemic-induced job and income losses, the mortgage market has been experiencing a surprising boom thanks to record low interest rates and flat property prices.. In this episode of The ifa Show, host Sarah Kendell is joined by Anthony Landahl, the managing director of Equilibria Finance, to discuss what hes been seeing in the lending market over the last few months, how advisers can help well-positioned clients to get finance ready, and what policy changes advisers need to be aware of.. Anthony explains whether incoming salary is a good marker for credit access in the current environment, how the lockdown restrictions are affecting confidence among small businesses, and what the future outlook is for opportunities in the lending market.

Oscar-winning actor Jon Voight released two videos on Friday reaffirming his support for President Donald Trump, who he called the greatest president since Abraham Lincoln.

Addressing the videos to the people of the Republican Party, Voight praised Trump's job efforts, which he claims has been difficult, for Trump's battling the left and their absurd words of destruction.

I'm here today to acknowledge the truth, and I'm here today to tell you, my fellow Americans, that our country is stronger, safer, and with more jobs because our president has made his every move correct, Voight said.



Don't be fooled by the political left because we are the people of this nation that is witnessing triumph, he continued. So let us stand with our president, let us stand for this truth that President Trump is the greatest president since Abraham Lincoln. God bless America, and may God continue to guide this nation.

Voight is one of Hollywood's most outspoken conservative voices. He was also one of Trump's earliest Hollywood supporters, who has continued to support the president more than two years into Trump's first term.

During an inauguration event at the Lincoln Monument in Jan. , Voight said that God answered all our prayers with Trump's election.

And President Lincoln, who sits here with us ... I'm sure is smiling knowing America will be saved by an honest and good man who will work for all the people, no matter their creed or color, Voight said, according to The Hill.

Permeable pavement helps water soak into your property!. Choosing the Right Permeable Hardscape. The first step to creating pavement that is permeable is to choose an option that matches the space given for the project and the budget that is being utilized. Some types of pavement include:. - Permeable pavers, which are similar to traditional stone pavers, but have special gaps filled with small stones that allow water to seep into the ground.. - A plastic or concrete grid system, in which the gaps are filled with gravel or grasses for easy infiltration.. - A porous asphalt, porous pavement local company! or pervious concrete, which is a lower cost option, that allows water to flow through final example and a lower cost option..  Comment:. By Odette Iskander  Aug . I like the idea of permeable pavement a lot. Unfortunately, I currently live in a condo and cant exercise that option. I will mention to friends who may be paving.

TMZ has obtained a copy of a defamation lawsuit Stern just filed in L.A. County Superior Court. He claims Hatten -- the sister of Anna Nicole Smith's crazy ex-con ex-boyfriend Mark -- fed lies to Cosby, including the one that Stern gave lip service to Larry B ... in a Paris Hilton kind of way. Cosby's already been sued for publishing the allegation ... et tu, Jackie.. And there's more ... Stern is also suing Mark Speer, the dude Debra Opri hired to bodyguard Birkhead. Larry fired Speer, and Stern claims the scorned heavy then made up lies, which he spoon fed to Cosby. The alleged lies include claims that Stern was stealing money from Anna and striking back door deals with Birkhead over Dannielynn.. Stern is suing Hatten and Speer for unspecified damages.. BTW, Mark Hatten was busted for DUI today.

J. J. Thomson and the Existence of the Electron. On April 3, , English physicist Joseph John Thomson gave the first experimental proof of the electron, which had been already theoretically predicted by Johnstone Stoney. Thomson was awarded the  Nobel Prize in Physics for the discovery of the electron and for his work on the conduction of electricity in gases. Joseph John Thomson was born in  in Manchester, England and was taught mainly in private schools at the beginning. In ,Read more

We just released our new forums!. Either option can be correct depending on your particular situation. I think, for the normal citizen, in a self defense situation, a lazer would be a total waste. More than likely what the person would be doing is pulling their weapon, pointing, and shooting as quickly as possible. Now law enforcement or security guards may have a different perspective on the need for a lazer. To me the normal self defense situation is; up close, sudden, pull your weapon, point and shoot. There isn't going to be any time to take a proper stance and use your sights. If you have not maintained situational awareness, you may not even have time to pull your weapon. Your propbably going to be shooting from positions you've never dreamt of. If I thought any different, I would never carry my S&W Bodyguard .3. Hitting anything, with any other than the first shot, at any distance of ten feet or more with that gun is an adventure to say the least.

Courts consider company advisers, such as investment banks, to be abettors, making them immune to securities-fraud class actions. But in the Enron case, the investment banks still may be vulnerable. Here's why:. . The bankers took stakes in off-balance-sheet partnerships they created that helped Enron hide debt. Plaintiffs will try to prove that they are instigators of fraud, not just abettors.. . Private partnership documents show that banks knew Enron's finances were shaky, but their underwriting filings on debt issues sold to the public suggest otherwise. Plaintiffs will claim the filings were fraudulent.. 3. Document discovery may produce further embarrassing revelations.. Data: Legal documents, BusinessWeek

NAFTA & Other Free Trade Agreements. By thoroughly understanding the business ramifications as well as the legal challenges linked with free trade issues, the attorneys and professionals at Braumiller Law Group can guide clients toward optimal compliance solutions.. - Cost-benefit analysis of savings and risks. - Determining eligibility and strategies for using FTAs. - Product analysis for ensuring valid FTA certifications and proper marking. - Development of written compliance procedures. - Specialized product-driven training tailored to clients needs. - Internal review of NAFTA Certificate of Origin and supporting records. - Representation before Mexican, Canadian and U.S. Customs Authorities during NAFTA Verifications. - Penalty petitions and penalty avoidance

I used the filter shown below:. Position of active player exactly . Raised Preflop any Bet. Raised First in. Players dealt into hand between 3 and . I wanted to look at bvb results when I was in the SB vs specific opponents in the BB when I raise first in.. When I run this filter I can look at specific opponent stats - vs a certain opponent it says I won  hands and lost .. However, when I click on that player and look through all the hands I won  hands and lost . It's way undercounting my stats. It's also showing in the top box summary that I won $ and lost $,, but when I look down at individual hands my amount won is way undercounted.. Am I doing something wrong or is it displaying info incorrectly?

Q:

Safe Home Network through WiFi

Maybe this is such an obvious question that it's a duplicate.
I have Ubuntu . on both my PC and Laptop. The Laptop connects to the Internet through a WiFi router. The PC connects to the same router with an Ethernet cable.
How can I safely share files between my PC and Laptop through this router? Do I have to change the router's config?
I'll need SSL as the WiFi is open at this moment, but I guess I can find info about that without a problem. Once I've done that, network printing should be easy :
Edit Updated both to .. Activated DHCP on the router to fix the IP addresses of both computers and the router now uses WPA. I haven't been able to set up NFS between the computers, but I did achieve a safe FTP server connection.

A:

For this you need sftp
Firstly install ssh on all three computers
sudo apt-get install openssh-server
and find the ip of the computer using these commands:
sudo ifconfig  grep -o inet addr:-.  cut -d : -f   grep -v 

On the other computers do so in nautilus:

Click connect and bookmark it like this

Similarly do the same for the other machines use the bookmarks to nagivate the other computers

A:

On each computer install the ssh package.
Then you can mount the filesystem over SFTP stands for Ssh File Transfer Protocol in nautilus and copy that way just like you would between drives. To access files on the other computer, open nautilus and Clik the File - Connect to server... menu. Pick ssh from the menulist. Put in your username for the other computer and the IP for the other computer and click connect. It should ask for your password for the laptop username you put in and then it should show the files on the laptop. You can do this in either direction.
This method encrypts the whole thing both ways so it is safe even over open wifi or if you use strong passwords even over the internet. 
You can find out the IP of a computer by running ifconfig on it. It will give you something like this:
eth      Link encap:Ethernet  HWaddr :::e::  
          inet addr:...  Bcast:...  Mask:...
          inet addr: :3:3:de::fd Scope:Global
          inet addr: fe::3:ff:fed:3 Scope:Link
          UP BROADCAST RUNNING MULTICAST  MTU:  Metric:
          RX packets:3 errors: dropped: overruns: frame:
          TX packets:3 errors: dropped: overruns: carrier:
          collisions: txqueuelen: 
          RX bytes:33 3. MB  TX bytes:3 . MB

lo        Link encap:Local Loopback  
          inet addr:...  Mask:...
          inet addr: :: Scope:Host
          UP LOOPBACK RUNNING  MTU:3  Metric:
          RX packets: errors: dropped: overruns: frame:
          TX packets: errors: dropped: overruns: carrier:
          collisions: txqueuelen: 
          RX bytes:3 3. MB  TX bytes:3 3. MB 

Look for a line that says 'inet addr:...' that does not start with .. and that is the IP address. So for the example ifconfig output I listed, it would be ...   This would be the address I would use to connect to the computer I ran ifconfig on.



Brbara Mara Hueva

Brbara Mara Hueva 33 was a Spanish painter.

Life and work
Brbara Mara Hueva was born in 33 in Madrid. At the age of , in , she was elected to the Real Academia de Bellas Artes de San Fernando at its first meeting. She was the first woman to obtain admittance and earned the first diploma from the academy.

References

Category:33 births
Category: deaths
Category:th-century Spanish painters
Category:Artists from Madrid
Category:Spanish women artists

Symbol Starts With

Company Matches

NEW YORK CNNMoney -
Home loan rates rose in anticipation that the Federal Reserve will raise rates sooner, and faster, than many market watchers expect, mortgage financier Freddie Mac said Thursday.

All eyes will be on the Fed for the next few months at least. How aggressive or how measured the coming rate hikes are will determine the future direction of both short- and long-term mortgage rates, said Frank Nothaft, Freddie Mac vice president and chief economist.

For the week ended June , the rate on 3-year fixed-rate mortgages averaged .3 percent, with an average . point payable up front, up slightly from the previous week when it averaged ., according to Freddie Mac.

Last year at this time, the 3-year averaged . percent.

The -year mortgage advanced to . percent from last week's .3 percent, with . point payable up front. A year ago, it was . percent.

The one-year adjustable rate mortgage ARM averaged . percent, up from 3. percent the previous week, with . point payable up front. A year earlier it averaged 3. percent.

The -year ARM responds more directly to movements by the Fed, said Nothaft. And market chatter has it that the Fed will not only raise rates at the end of this month, but may do so consecutively throughout the rest of the year.

News like that is good news for keeping long-term fixed-rate mortgage rates low since those are more sensitive to inflationary expectations.

Freddie Mac's average mortgage rates are based on a survey of  lenders nationwide.

Freddie Mac FRE: up $. to $.3, Research, Estimates, or Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp., is a publicly traded company the government established in  to provide a flow of funds to mortgage lenders. It buys mortgages from banks, bundles them and then resells them as mortgage-backed securities.

Its products, and the products of other similar entities, have become popular as an alternative to government-backed bonds, notably with international investors.

Biodegradation of methyl violet by Pseudomonas mendocina MCM B-.
Pseudomonas mendocina MCM B- was found to utilize a triphenylmethane dye, methyl violet as the sole source of carbon when incorporated in synthetic medium. Almost complete decolorization of methyl violet by P. mendocina was observed within  h of incubation at ambient temperature  -  degrees C under aerated culture conditions, when the bacteria were inoculated into Davis Mingioli's synthetic medium at a concentration of  mgl medium. Methyl violet was mineralized to CO through three unknown intermediate metabolites and phenol. The decolorization of the dye involved demethylation.

3rd Annual Aggie Wallace Bagpipe Competition

For the third time in many years, there will be a bagpipe competition at this years Highland Festival and Games. All pipers whatever ages and playing abilities are invited to come and participate. You will enter the competition at the Festival.

The competition is named for Aggie Wallace who is recognized as the first individual who trained and organized Hawaii residents in the art of playing the bagpipe and organized them into the first local bagpipe band. Aggie came to Hawaii in 3 on the invitation of E.K. Fernandez who immediately put her to work with his traveling carnival. She was born in Canada, the daughter of a Pipe Major, emigrated to Canada with her family and ended up playing on Vaudeville and in Hollywood where she met E.K. and the rest is history.

Pipers will be judged on their abilities as it relates to the playing of marches, strathspays, and reels and the traditional music of the pipes, piobaireachd.

This competition has been made possible because of generous support from the Celtic Pipes and Drums of Hawaii, the Hawaii Scottish Association and from Kim Greeley, who was a student of Aggie Wallace.

Architecture of Johannesburg

Johannesburg is the capital of the Gauteng province and the financial hub of South Africa. Founded in , the city is located in the Witwatersrand region, which has vast gold deposits. The town experienced rapid growth as the gold deposits were exploited, and is now South Africa's largest urban center. As a result, the Johannesburg area has a wide variety of architecture, from early Art Nouveau to Postmodern buildings. Hillbrow, for example, contains many buildings constructed since the s, including the Hillbrow Tower.

Notable buildings
Johannesburg features a variety of commercial and residential buildings, so there are also a few modern buildings such as the KwaDukuza eGoli Hotel and the Trust Bank Building. The Johannesburg-Pretoria combined metropolitan area has the densest concentration of skyscrapers on the continent and one of the densest in the world.

Carlton Centre is a skyscraper and shopping center located in downtown Johannesburg, South Africa. At 3meters 3ft, it is the tallest building in Africa and about half the height of the Willis Tower the former Sears Tower in Chicago. It was the tallest building in the southern hemisphere when originally completed. The Carlton Centre has  floors and is 3m tall, about m short of featuring in the world's top  skyscrapers. The foundations of the two buildings in the complex are 3.m in diameter and extend m down to the bedrock, 3m below street level. The building houses both offices and shops and has over  percent of the floor area below ground level. A viewing deck on the th floor offers views of Johannesburg and Pretoria.
Ponte City Apartments is a skyscraper in the Hillbrow neighborhood of Johannesburg, South Africa. It was built in  to a height of 3m .ft, making it the tallest residential skyscraper in Africa. The -story building is cylindrical, with an open center allowing additional light into the apartments. The center space is known as the core and rises above an uneven rock floor. Ponte City was an extremely desirable address for its views over all of Johannesburg and its surroundings. The sign on top of the building is the highest and largest sign in the southern hemisphere. It currently advertises the South African mobile phone company Vodacom.
Marble Towers is a skyscraper in the Central Business District of Johannesburg, South Africa. It was built in 3 and is 3 stories tall. The building has an eight-story parking garage attached to it. It has the biggest electronic sign in the Southern Hemisphere, measuring meters by 3meters by meters. It is made out of a mixture of concrete and marble. Its main use is for commercial offices.
KwaDukuza eGoli Hotel is a skyscraper in the Central Business District of Johannesburg, South Africa. The complex, built in  originally as The Tollman Towers owned by the prominent South African family, were two separate towers, one  stories and the other , linked by a four-story podium with a pool deck and a running track. The building was empty for many years as the hotel, The Johannesburg Sun, relocated to Sandton. The building was then converted to a Holiday Inn, which also quickly failed. The new KwaDukuza eGoli Hotel opened in  when it hosted 3 police officers for the world summit on sustainable development, it was owned Mark Whitehead of Whitehead Enterprises, then also soon went out of business. The building is currently mothballed.
Sandton City is a shopping center located in Sandton, Johannesburg that was built as a pioneer center in 3. The tower was built as part of a business park for downtown Sandton, a suburb of Johannesburg. Liberty Properties announced in  that Sandton City would receive an R. billion upgrade. Liberty Properties Chief Executive Samuel Ogbo envisaged the complex as South Africa's very own Wall Street The redevelopment will include the construction of a -story office tower, new retail and office space and residential apartments. The extension will stretch to 3  m and the total complex will have a gross lettable area of   m.
Trust Bank Building is a skyscraper in the Central Business District of Johannesburg, South Africa. It was built in  to a height of meters. The building is the former head office of Trust Bank of South Africa, and as such has one of the largest bank vaults in South Africa. The building was recently sold in February 3 for Rand . million USD $., which may prompt the name to be changed to that of the new tenant.
 Diagonal Street is a skyscraper in Johannesburg, South Africa. It was built in  to a height of meters. It is designed to look like a diamond as it reflects different views of the Central Business District from each angle of the building.

References

Category:Buildings and structures in Johannesburg
Johannesburg

Speaking to reporters after Kejriwal announced that the Odd-Even scheme will be back from November -, Gadkari said: I don't think it is necessary. We have made a new Ring Road, and with that Delhi's pollution has come down a lot. And in my estimate in two years...Rs , crore has been provided by my department, and the Yamuna Clean Water and Clean Air Scheme are going on, and with that in two years Delhi will be pollution-free.. Gadkari said it is up to the Delhi government to implement the scheme.. Kejriwal said that , electric buses will be introduced in the national capital and that a bus aggregator policy will be announced soon.. If you enforce Odd-Even for a long time, the implementation becomes troublesome. As of now, Odd-Even will only be restricted to this time frame, said Kejriwal.. He also asserted that Supreme Court guidelines during Diwali on firecrackers will be sternly enforced. Kejriwal also urged the people of Delhi to take part in tree plantation drives.

The following leaflets are available to download.. - Lipreading: an aid to communication. Covers: What is lipreading? Will lipreading help me? How easy is lipreading to learn? What can you learn in your lipreading class? Plus  tips to help you lipread.. Download Lipreading: an aid to communication. - Basic tactics to improve communication. Covers helpful tactics and problem areas.. Download Basic Tactics to Improve Communication. - ATLA Information leaflet. Covers ATLAs vision and purpose, aims and history.. Download ATLA Information Leaflet. You will need a PDF reader such as Adobe Acrobat or Foxit to open the files.

Follow Follow

Follow Follow is a song sung by supporters of Rangers, a football club in Glasgow, Scotland. It is based upon the revivalist hymn Follow On.

Club usage
The song has been adopted by Rangers as their club anthem. In  Rangers used the song as an inspiration for the title of their initiative against unacceptable behaviour at football matches, Follow With Pride, to replace their Pride Over Prejudice campaign.  There is also a Rangers fanzine named after the song. It is also called Follow Follow and was banned from being sold outside Ibrox Stadium due to having printed articles with a sectarian related content. It moved to an online message board which is now the leading Rangers fansite.

Controversy 
The song has gathered an amount of controversy after some fans started to sing alternative lyrics about the Pope and the Vatican City that are considered sectarian.

In  Rangers' vice-chairman Donald Findlay had to stand down from his position and resign from the club's board after being filmed singing Follow Follow with these alternative lyrics and The Sash. The Faculty of Advocates the professional body to which Findlay belonged found his actions were likely to bring the faculty into disrepute and fined him 3,.

In , Linda Gillies was investigated by police after West Lothian Council received a complaint after her parrot was heard whistling Follow Follow, to the chagrin of some of her neighbours. The complaint was eventually dismissed by the council and no charges were brought against Gillies.

Lyrics
The lyrics are:

Though the straits be broad or narrow, follow we will,
Follow we will, follow we will,
If the straits be broad or narrow, follow we will,
We will follow in the footsteps of our team. God bless them
Follow follow, we will follow Rangers,
Everywhere, anywhere,
We will follow on,
Dundee, Hamilton, Aberdeen and back again
If they go to Dublin we will follow on.

For there's not a team like the Glasgow Rangers,
No not one, and there never shall be one,
Celtic know all about their troubles,
We will fight till the day is done.
For there's not a team like the Glasgow Rangers,
No not one, and there never shall be one!

Notes

Category:Rangers F.C. songs
Category:Football songs and chants

I went to my old friend last Tuesday. She and her husband were my really good friends over the years. Her husband was my hubby's best friend. I miss them so much! i really wanted to tell them everything about what's going on to our lives. I love to talk to them and i admire them so much because they have been together for so many years and they never had any major problems with each other. Until i found out that her husband is having an affair. I'm still thinking if i should tell it right away or should i wait?. in transition.  years ago.  comments:. HI, tough decission, all I can say is, if you tell you have to be  certain of your facts, otherwise it will cause a lot of pain.... So sad though that things like this should happen.. pede mo naman sabihin kaya lang siguruhin mo lang na di mababasa nila tong post mo para di ka maakusahan na nakikialam sa kanila

Neighbourly Matters. Development in urban areas requires expert advice on dealing with adjoining owners and their statutory and common law rights.. Our Building Consultancy Team has specialists in these 'neighbourly matters'. The checklist is an invaluable tool in assessing whether your proposed development requires our advice on these issues.For more information contact paulsmithglhearn.com

Every contractual. payment is audited for accuracy. This includes review of base,. time and risk units, and modifying circumstances, in addition. to any incidental procedures. Incorrect payments by third. party payers are handled not only by claims processing staff,. but with contracting specialists. This results in more timely,. accurate payment of claims.. Timeliness of payments are also monitored, not only by individual. Physician or Group, but by RCMs aggregate book of business. with each payer.. print. page

bthemont. imageinfo. The panoramas are made using a tripod, levelling head and pano head. The exterior panoramas are made with a Canon EF- fL lens set between 3 and mm. The immersive panorama of the church of Notre Dame de la Piti is made with a Samyang mm fisheye lens.

Memory Screenings- Free!. Date & Time:Wednesday, March ,  - :am to :pm. Locations:. Madison Senior Center. 33 West Mifflin Street Madison, WI 33. A trained mental health professional from Dean Foundation, the non-profit affiliate of Dean Health System, will offer free screenings on Wednesday, March  from  am to  pm. A memory screening consists of a series of questions and exercises designed to identify cognitive problems associated with Alzheimers disease and other medical conditions. Each screening takes about  minutes to complete. Make an appointment; call them  -3.. Event Cost: Free. Registration Details: Make an appointment; call Dean Foundation at  -3.. Handicapped Accessible: Yes. Contact: Make an appointment with Dean Foundation at  -3.

CHALLENGE. ALMA, the International School of Italian Cuisine, has chosen us to create their new institutional website. From the communication concept to the development of the portal, the goal is to improve and increase engagement with users, paying great attention to the User Experience.. STRATEGY. Excellence and innovation: the key concepts that have guided the concept of the new site, aimed at enhancing the ALMA brand identity and transferring the authority of this prestigious training center, a reference point for Italian gastronomic culture, in the digital sphere.The development and realization of the portal were therefore accompanied by the implementation of storytelling aimed at consolidating the visual identity of ALMA, recognizable in the various sections of the new site and easy to roll out on all the brands digital platforms.

Warning: count: Parameter must be an array or an object that implements Countable in homepagesd3htdocsclickandbuildsFootballIssuelibrariescmsapplicationcms.php on line  Home Football Issue Home You are here: Home Main Menu Warning: continue targeting switch is equivalent to break. Did you mean to use continue ? in homepagesd3htdocsclickandbuildsFootballIssuemodulesmodmenuhelper.php on line  Home Login Form Username Password Remember Me Log in Forgot your username? Forgot your password?

Nantes vs Reims: Betting Tips & Predictions for France Ligue  match. Nantes meets Reims in a match of a round in France Ligue  this Sunday at :. Betting Tips Today predict a full time result of : and a Under . goals and a NO for both teams to score. Nantes vs Reims France Ligue  Sep free football betting tips and predictions. Free betting tips for France Ligue  - Nantes vs. Reims, match day -Sep-. Predictions, tips and stats for Nantes matches. Nantes attack strength, Nantes defence weakness and Nantes recent form analysis. Nantes win chanches. Predictions, tips and stats for Reims matches. Reims attack strength, Reims defence weakness and Reims recent form analysis. Reims win chanches. Betting Tips Today is automated sports predictions platform. With our system predictions you can strengthen or weaken your bet decision. Nantes vs. Reims.

Why Choose Us

Make the most of your outdoor areas with the best grass in Perth from Joondalup Turf Farm. We are the big, small turf farm offering quality, weed free turf products and value for money for our customers throughout Perth and WA. There are many reasons to choose Joondalup Turf Farm:

Best Turf Varieties for Perth

Joondalup Turf Farm offers the best grass in Perth for our unique climatic conditions. We can help you make a selection for your application, whether youre on the coast or the hills.

After Care Support

Receive a complimentary lawn care plan for information on maintaining your new lawn. You can also call us for advice and assistance.

After Care Support

With more than  years experience in the turf industry, we can help you with every aspect of selecting, installing and maintaining your new lawn. Contact us for assistance with your turf maintenance.

Convenience

We are open  days a week so were available to help whether you are a busy landscaper on the way to your next job or a weekend warrior laying lawn for the family backyard.

Pick Up & Delivery Optionst

Visit our farm to pick up the best grass in Perth. If youre unsure what will be best, our helpful staff can assist you in making a selection. Delivery can also be arranged throughout the Perth metropolitan area.

Fast Pick Up

Simply call ahead and we can have your order ready for collection in an hour.

Fast Lawn Facts

Not sure whether to choose lawn or a synthetic or paved area? There are many reasons why choosing grass can provide the best solution to covering your yard. It is a myth that lawns require large amounts of maintenance

Grass is more cooling than paved surfaces or synthetic turf and is  less wasteful in water evaporation.

In a street of  average houses, front lawns have the cooling effect of  tonnes of air conditioning.

Turf absorbs dust and pollen from plants, which can cause health problems for some people.

Grass around buildings helps to retard the spread of fire

The aroma of freshly mowed grass is believed to increase feelings of happiness in people and help them feel more relaxed.

Every week, Bramptonist will round up the interesting items on upcoming city council and committee meetings, so you dont have to bore yourselves paging through huge and, if were being honest, tedious PDFs and to make it easier for you to be a well-informed resident.

All meetings are open to the public aside from items which are specifically marked as closed and are generally held in the City Council Chambers, unless stated otherwise.

Planning and Development Committee



April , : p.m.

Council Chambers, City Hall



Public Meeting Reports any member of the public can speak to any of these items without registering as an official delegation, as long as you are present when council asks

Tertiary Plans page  The city is considering another layer of planning to ensure that infill developments new developments in established neighbours are consistent with the surrounding areas City was supposed to start having tertiary planning policies as early as the  Official Plan

page   Highway   developer proposal for a one storey commercial building and drive-through; the lands in the official plan are designated for residential uses page 

 developer proposal for a one storey commercial building and drive-through; the lands in the official plan are designated for residential uses page  Residential development in Huttonville  possibly one of the first subdivisions to be planned west of Mississauga Road in the Huttonville area, this proposal calls for  residential units in the form of a mid-rise apartment, townhouses, single-detached, and semi-detached housing, as well as a park, school and retail plaza; the area plans call for executive housing but the developer proposes to delete that page 3

 possibly one of the first subdivisions to be planned west of Mississauga Road in the Huttonville area, this proposal calls for  residential units in the form of a mid-rise apartment, townhouses, single-detached, and semi-detached housing, as well as a park, school and retail plaza; the area plans call for executive housing but the developer proposes to delete that page 3 More residential development in Huttonville  another developer wants to build  single-detached units south of Embleton Road page 3

 another developer wants to build  single-detached units south of Embleton Road page 3  Goreway Drive  developer wishes to build  stacked condo townhouse units on Goreway Drive north of Queen Street page 

 developer wishes to build  stacked condo townhouse units on Goreway Drive north of Queen Street page   and  Main Street North  developer wants to build a two storey commercial building north of Williams Parkway on Main Street; planners have some concerns about a low density proposal on a primary intensification corridor and planned rapid transit corridor page 

 developer wants to build a two storey commercial building north of Williams Parkway on Main Street; planners have some concerns about a low density proposal on a primary intensification corridor and planned rapid transit corridor page  Cedar City Greenvale  development proposal for on the southwest corner of Mayfield Road and Torbram for single detached and townhouse units, three parkette blocks, and several local roads page 

 development proposal for on the southwest corner of Mayfield Road and Torbram for single detached and townhouse units, three parkette blocks, and several local roads page  Rose Garden Residences  a planned triple tower development just east of Brampton GO, reaching  storeys on the tallest tower. A Bramptonist article with more details is here. page 

Recommendation Reports

Northeast of Fogal Road and The Gore Road  Council had approved, in principle in June , a proposed development consisting of retail buildings, some of which have already been built. The conditions include gaining access to Region of Peel service. They werent able to gain permission by November  and got an extension. However, they have made progress and will be gaining access soon, allowing them to build the rest of the development page 

3 The Gore Road  final approval of a development in principle, as long as the associated case at the Ontario Municipal Board be dismissed. Development includes 3 single detached units,  townhouses, a mediumhigh density residential block, an employmentoffice building block, and associated infrastructure like open space, parks, and roads. Original proposal was all residential on employment lands, but has now been shifted to half residential north side, half offices south side fronting on Queen Street. It should be noted that the residential apartmentcondo building and office developments havent actually been designed page .

Information Report

 Goreway Drive  a non-statutory public meeting report on a proposed  unit townhouse development on Goreway Drive page 

Read the Agenda here.

Environmental Advisory Committee



April , : p.m.

Boardroom WT-C, West Tower



Issues in Brief

Verbal update on the FutureReady Brampton  concept

Verbal update on the citys plan for the national  in  Day urban interventions event

Verbal update on Earth Day eco-pledges around the city

Read the Agenda here.

Committee of Council



April , :3 a.m.

Council Chambers, City Hall



Presentations

A presentation from the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints Mormons on the work their church does in Brampton page 

A presentation from the citys Environmental Advisory Committee on the need to implement the Grow Green Environmental Master Plan page 

Grow Green Environmental Master Plan

Presentation on page 3, report on page 

Core components of the plan are people, air, water, land, energy, and waste

3 of the master plans actions have been implemented; most progress made on energy, least progress made on waste

Staff recommends creating a Community Energy and Emissions Reductions Plan, in partnership with Sheridan College

Also recommended is for the city to join the Federation of Canadian Municipalities Partners for Climate Protection Plan

Climate Change Strategy

Report on page 

In August , the province released details of the $ million Municipal GHG Greenhouse Gases Challenge Fund

Staff are preparing to submit Bramptons application to the fund, related to the city fleet, facilities, environment, and transit

Issues in Brief

Main Street will be closed on Saturday mornings from June  to September  for the Farmers Market; after September , the market will be moved to Rosalea Park during water main and Downtown Reimagined construction page 

The Sister City Protocol will be replaced by the Economic Development Global Partnership Program page 

There will be diversity and inclusion training for this existing council on April  as a Council Workshop aka the public may attend and diversity training will be part of future council members training page 

An update to the property tax rebate for low-income seniors and low-income people with disabilities, which hasnt changed since  page 3

Read the Agenda here.

Comments

comments

Title

Identifier

Author

Degree

Master of Science MS

Department

Renewable Natural Resources

Document Type

Thesis

Abstract

Chinese tallow Triadica sebifera is a non-native invasive tree that is of particular concern in the Southeastern United States. It has become naturalized in a variety of habitats and can be found in monospecific stands. The use of tallow woodlands by overwintering birds is poorly documented. I compared use of tallow woodlands to use of bottomland hardwood forests by birds in the Mermentau River Basin, Louisiana. Species richness and evenness were greater in the bottomland hardwood sites. Three species were more abundant in tallow woodlands, six species were more common in bottomland hardwoods, and six species exhibited no difference between habitats. Information-theory methodology was used to determine the relative importance of woodland type and certain landscape variables to species richness and bird abundance. Model-averaged parameter estimates and relative Akaike weights were calculated. In most cases, woodland type was a better predictor of species richness and abundance than percent forest cover, distance to nearest forest patch, or the number of forest patches within  km. Energy assimilation of tallow fruit by captive birds was measured to determine if apparent metabolizable energy differed between bird species and plant species. Assimilation of tallow fruit pulp differed significantly between birds. Yellow-rumped Warblers Dendroica coronata exhibited the highest assimilation of tallow, followed by American Robins Turdus migratorius and then Northern Cardinals Cardinalis cardinalis. Yellow-rumped Warblers, which where more common in the tallow woodlands, were able to metabolize tallow fruit more effectively than wax myrtle Morella cerifera and poison ivy Toxicodendron radicans fruit. Metabolization of wax myrtle and poison ivy fruit did not differ significantly. Cardinals metabolized deciduous holly fruit Ilex decidua more efficiently than either hackberry Celtis laevigata or tallow. Overall, bottomland hardwoods supported more bird species and exhibited a higher measure of species evenness. Tallow may provide an alternate food source for some species and could potentially influence the local winter distribution of Yellow-rumped Warblers.

Item : TRMTEBEBEIGWAVE

Glass Tile Wave Metallic Almond

Shipping-IconFREE SHIPPING on any size order to the US.FREE SHIPPING on orders over $ to the US.FREE SHIPPINGShipping will be calculated at the cart and checkout

Glass Tile Wave Metallic Almond with its rich color and unusual curve design is a great choice for high-end applications such as kitchen backsplash, bathroom, shower, and featured walls. To achieve the sparkling look, this tile does not have UV protection, therefore exposing it to direct sunlight for long period of times will change its color. This product is not suitable for swimming pool or outside applications. This mosaic tile is  of an inch thick.

Only one sample allowed per item.

Current stock:

Untitled- How many do I need?

How Many Tiles Do I Need?

Enter the size of the area in square feet you want to tile.

square foot

Help to calculate my square footage.

Inform the height and length in inches of the area you will install the tile.

Frequently Bought Together

Description

Glass Tile Wave Metallic Almond with its rich color and unusual curve design is a great choice for high-end applications such as kitchen backsplash, bathroom, shower, and featured walls. To achieve the sparkling look, this tile does not have UV protection, therefore exposing it to direct sunlight for long period of times will change its color. This product is not suitable for swimming pool or outside applications. This mosaic tile is  of an inch thick.

If you have an innovative mindset, keeping ahead of technology evolution with a desire to learn new technologies; a strong sense of ownership and take initiative while empowering others to do the same, if you are not afraid to challenge the status quo and want to work in a startup environment with no top-down hierarchy, with a multicultural and international team, this is your place!. Our client is a British Fintech and they are building a platform underpinned by Blockchain that will ultimately disrupt the commodities markets.. They are a uniquely placed start-up, backed and well-funded by a consortium of big global players.. The Sr QA Engineer will work closely with the engineering team to ensure the delivery of the platform and to enhance the platform for future markets.. The ideal candidate will be passionate about QA, taking a role in ensuring our platform is well tested, meets requirements and works as specified.. Responsibilities :

Donate.  AFP  KIM JAE-HWAN. US President Donald Trump has found a way to thrive on tensions with North Korea.. The US president claimed on Tuesday that the US would allow South Korea and Japan to buy more highly sophisticated US military equipment in response to the so-called North Korea threat.. I am allowing Japan & South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States..  Donald J. Trump realDonaldTrump  September . Trump did not reveal what kind of equipment he had in mind. However, the White House said the president was willing to approve the sale of many billions of dollars worth of military weapons and equipment to South Korea.. Trumps statement followed North Koreas six nuclar test that took place on Sunday. The US president also claimed that the US was ready to use its nuclear capabilities to defend itself and its allies.. Donate

Jill and I continued our tour around Pit  and were able to see more of the warriors that were getting excavated and refurbished.. We didnt hire a guide, since we were in a rush and didnt want to bargain.. Yes, everything in China is a bargaining event and it gets very tiring.. Sometimes we just want to pay a fair price and be done with it so we just give up and dont bother.. Imagine living each day as if you were going into a car dealership and having to bargain for a lot of what you want.. It tends to make us cynical and jaded and we, therefore, dont have as much interaction as we normally would with others.. So, we skipped the tour guide and I wish we hadnt because I would have liked to know why they are wrapped in cellophane.. Our guess was they were being glued back together and this allows them to hold until the glue settles but we arent sure.. Either way, walking around the back of the exhibit was a wonderful way to end our visit to the Terracotta Army.. This slideshow requires JavaScript.

The present invention relates to electrocatalyst compositions. More specifically, the invention relates to electrocatalysts which can be used on the anode of a fuel cell to oxidize alcohol.
A fuel cell is an electrochemical device with an anode and a cathode that converts chemical energy provided by a fuel and an oxidant into electricity. An electrolyte is required which is in contact with both electrodes and which may be alkaline, acidic, solid or liquid. The basic process is highly efficient and essentially pollution-free. Also, since single fuel cells can be assembled in stacks of varying sizes, systems can be designed to produce a wide range of output levels.
As an energy conversion device, the fuel cell is distinguished from a conventional battery by its fuel storage capacity. Unlike a battery which consumes internally stored fuel and needs to be either discarded or recharged after a certain time, fuel is fed to the fuel cell from an external source giving the fuel cell a practically unlimited storage capacity. Also, the fuel cell is distinguished from a battery in that its electrodes are catalytically active.
Current is generated by reaction on the fuel cell electrode surfaces, which are in contact with an electrolyte. The fuel is oxidized at the anode and gives up electrons to an external electrical load. The oxidant accepts electrons and is reduced at the cathode. Ionic current through an electrolyte completes the circuit.
In many fuel cell systems, a hydrogen fuel is produced by converting a hydrocarbon-based fuel such as methane, or an oxygenated hydrocarbon fuel such as methanol, to hydrogen in a process called reforming. This reformate fuel contains, in addition to hydrogen, high levels of carbon dioxide; usually around . The reformate fuel also contains small amounts of impurities, such as carbon monoxide, typically at levels of around .
Other fuel cells, called direct or non-reformed fuel cells oxidize fuel high in hydrogen content directly, without the hydrogen first being separated by a reforming process. It has been known since the s that lower primary alcohols, particularly the C-C alcohols, can be oxidized directly i.e., without reformation to H.sub. CO or H.sub. CO.sub. at the anode of a fuel cell. Methanol and ethanol are particularly useful.
Because compactness is critical to the commercial viability of utilizing a fuel cell as an energy source in such items as electric automobiles, the ability to oxidize alcohol as a fuel directly without having to also utilize a reformer is important. Serious drawbacks have also been encountered in the storage of hydrogen for use in fuel cells. Thus, a direct fuel cell, such as a methanol fuel cell, is advantageous in that it is compact and no energy is used up in reformation. Further, the fuel is easily stored in liquid form, is high in hydrogen content, is highly reactive in a fuel cell, and is economically viable.
In a typical methanol fuel cell, methanol is oxidized to produce electricity, heat, water, and carbon dioxide. The goal in methanol fuel processing is complete methanol oxidation for maximum energy generation shown in the equation: EQU Anode: CH.sub.3 OHH.sub. O.fwdarw.CO.sub. H.sup. e.sup.- EQU Cathode: O.sub. eH.sup..fwdarw.H.sub. O  EQU Net: CH.sub.3 OH3O.sub..fwdarw.H.sub. OCO.sub..
In the absence of an electrocatalyst, a typical electrode reaction occurs, if at all, only at very high overpotentials. Thus, the oxidation and reduction reactions require catalysts in order to proceed at useful rates. Catalysts that promote the rates of electrochemical reactions, such as oxygen reduction and hydrogen oxidation in a fuel cell are often referred to as electrocatalysts. Electrocatalysts are important because the energy efficiency of any cell is determined, in part, by the overpotentials necessary at the cell's anode and cathode.
Platinum Pt, an expensive metal, is the best catalyst for many electrochemical reactions, including methanol oxidation. A major obstacle in the development of methanol fuel cells is the loss of electrochemical activity of even the best electrocatalyst due to poisoning by carbon monoxide CO. CO is an intermediate in the oxidation of methanol to carbon dioxide CO.sub.. The CO molecule is strongly adsorbed on the electroactive surface of the electrode, obstructing the oxidation of new fuel molecules. It is well known that CO, even at levels of - ppm, is a severe poison to platinum electrocatalysts and significantly reduces fuel cell performance.
Various attempts have been made to find a solution to the CO poisoning problem. For example, Reddy et al., U.S. Pat. No. ,3,3 discloses the use of gold crystals for the oxidation of alcohol. Yepez, U.S. Pat. No. ,,3, discloses the use of deliberately occluded hydrogen in the anode to chemisorb the poisons. Various combinations of metals have also been employed as an electrocatalyst material in an attempt to avoid or minimize the CO poisoning problem. For example, Ma et al. U.S. Pat. No. ,,3 discloses an electrocatalyst obtained by combining platinum oxides and iron oxides to form PtFe particles in a colloidal solution.
In spite of the foregoing, prior attempts to solve the problem of CO poisoning at the anode of methanol fuel cells have been unsuccessful. Prior attempts to avoid the problem have proven to be too expensive, ineffective, or impractical to be commercially viable. Thus, there remains a need for electrocatalysts that are resistant to CO poisoning and can be used on the anode for alcohol oxidation in fuel cells.

Conjuring nostalgic melancholia throughout her oil paintings and etchings, Chicago native artist Amalia Kouvalis artwork is heavily influenced by dreams, memories, and Victorian aesthetics. Amalia manipulates her large collection of damaged Victorian photographs by recreating them as pale, pastel oil paintings to illustrate the ethereal atmosphere she perceives within each photo. She envisions her work as time capsules, allowing the viewer to momentarily correlate the past and present.. Amalia is currently working on a series where she visually reconstructs an entry from her dream journal through drawn and photo intaglios. Each etching exposes a different layer of the dream with surrealist undertones.. Earning her Bachelor of Fine Arts in Studio at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago, Amalia will be graduating December .. Contact: avkouvalisgmail.com

free shipping on all orders over $.. Gear built with the Helium Whisper attachment system is fully MOLLE compatible and will fit on all MOLLE and PALS platforms such as rucks, armor carriers, vests or belts. No additional platforms or proprietary equipment is needed to fully integrate Helium Whisper pouches.. Combining both Helium Whisper with MOLLEminus technology creates one of the lightest load carriage systems on the market. The use of the proprietary material, ULTRAcomp, allows for less parts to be used as a whole to create a superior light weight product.. Helium Whisper backers are available in standard sizes, and can be custom-built for specific applications. US Domestic Licensing opportunities are to be reviewed on an annual basis. For more information, please email licensingblueforcegear.com

Fremantle's Tree Fu Tom Brings Magic to the U.S.

Jun , 3

By Tony Lisanti

Fremantle Kids & Family Entertainment, a division of FremantleMedia Enterprises, hopes to build upon the success that Tree Fu Tom experienced during its first year in the U.K. The highly rated preschool series, which airs on CBeebies and is a co-production with the BBC channel, debuted in mid-April in the U.S. on the Sprout network.

According to Bob Higgins, executive vice president, Fremantle Kids & Family Entertainment, the strategy is to aggressively develop and establish Tree Fu Tom in the marketplace as a true global preschool property. Higgins believes that the series has all of the elements to accomplish this goal, from an incredible story line to high-quality animation to an extensive consumer products program that launched earlier this year in the U.K. and will eventually make its way to the U.S. in the fall.

We wanted each episode to feel like a mini-movie, which I think we have succeeded in doing, says Higgins. We have that cinematic feel in a preschool show, and that is what is now clicking with the audience who are so used to watching high-quality movies. Today's kids are very sophisticated, and you do not have to dumb it down.

Fremantle is aggressively selling the preschool educational series internationally with several major deals in more than a dozen countries including France Lagardere, AustraliaNew Zealand Disney, Israel HopTV, Eastern Europe Minimax, Korea EBS, Brunei RTB and throughout Latin America Discovery Kids. The series has already been sold to Italy Switchover Media, Canada Knowledge NetworkBBC Kids, Norway NRK, Belgium VRT-Ketnet and Finland YLE.

Tree Fu Tom is unquestionably a cornerstone of FME's Kids & Family Entertainment group, which was formed three years ago when Higgins, along with Sander Schwartz, president of the division, were recruited to establish the company as a global player in kids' entertainment.

FME recently signed a five-year partnership agreement with BBC to develop additional children's TV shows, which is clearly reflective of the Kids & Family Entertainment division's commitment to global expansion.

From the time Fremantle partnered with BBC to co-produce the series two years ago, all of the pieces of the program development and broadcast launch quickly fell into place.

We brought in new writers, a new design style and we kept the essence of bringing magic into kids' homes and allowing them to participate in the show and the basic idea of this character's adventures going into a fantasy world.

Tree Fu Tom's educational, interactive story line, which is targeted to - to -year-olds, is based on the magical superhero, Tom, and his best friend Twigs, plus a host of other characters and creatures in a fantasy world called Treetopolis. Blue Zoo Animation does the CGI animation.

The magic'tree fu'is kind of like kung fu, with a movement and chant that goes along with it, which is what happens when Tom does his magic, explains Higgins. We are trying to get kids up off the couch and doing the spells along with him because when the story hits a certain point for Tom to handle alone, he asks the audience for help. It's all about focusing on kids fine motor skills.

While the skew is for boys, the ratings show it is very close to being a boygirl thing, says Higgins. We have a very strong female character, Ariela, and the queen of Treetopolis is a strong female character, as well.

A comprehensive licensing program was developed in the U.K. and is being developed similarly in the U.S. Giochi Preziosi is master toy licensee for the U.K. and Europe; Random House for publishing; Ravensburger for puzzles; MV Sports for scooters and wheeled toys; Flair for arts and crafts; VMC for accessories; Gemma for greeting cards and party; Egmont for annuals; Rainbow Productions for costumes; Blues Clothing for t-shirts; TDP for nightwearunderwear; and Character World is signed on for bedding.

We have a certain number of things that have strong sales track records, points out Higgins. At Licensing Expo, there will be a huge push for consumer products, so we are hopeful it will be the same type of timing that it has been in the U.K. We want to build up demand.

The second series of  episodes is now in production and will debut later this year, says Higgins, and a holiday special is also being planned.

In addition, Higgins says live entertainment, and perhaps theatrical, is also being evaluated. In the U.K., Fremantle already has a costume Tom character that goes to different stores and retailers.

Because of the vibrant world Tom goes into, we can create that fantasy land on stage, he says, adding, In terms of film, that would be a great opportunity.

In the challenging kids' marketplace, the Tree Fu Tom property is gaining momentum and working its magic to emerge as a bona fide global preschool brand.

Use of the ultrasonic cavitation in wool dyeing process: Effect of the dye-bath temperature.
The present work aims to study the effect of the liquid temperature on the performance of ultrasounds US in a dyeing process. The approach was both theoretical and experimental. In the theoretical part the simplified model of a single bubble implosion is used to demonstrate that the maximum implosion pressure calculated with the well known Rayleigh-Plesset equation for a single bubble can be correlated with the cavitation intensity experimentally measured with an Ultrasonic Energy Meter by PPB Megasonics. In particular the model was used to study the influence of the fluid temperature on the cavitation intensity. The relative theoretical data calculated from the implosion pressure were satisfactorily correlated with the experimental ones and evidence a zone, between  and C, were the cavitation intensity is almost constant and still sufficiently high. Hence an experimental part of wool dyeing was carried out both to validate the previous results and to verify the dyeing quality at low temperatures -C in presence of US. A prototype dyeing equipment able to treat textile samples with US system of W power, was used. The dyeing performances in the presence and absence of US were verified by measuring E colour variation, Re, reflectance percentage, KS colour strength and colour fastness. The US tests performed in the temperature range of -C were compared with the conventional wool dyeing at C. The obtained results show that a temperature close to C should be chosen as the recommended US dyeing condition, being a compromise between the cavitation intensity and the kinetics which rules the dyestuff diffusion within the fibres.

KBR to design new Indonesia ammonia, urea plant

The plant will be designed using KBRs Purifier technology, which has demonstrated higher reliability than conventional designs and offers the lowest proven energy consumption in the industry. Construction of the grassroots facility is part of a consortium between Rekayasa and Toyo Engineering.

Keywords:

KBR was selected Friday by PT Pupuk Sriwidjaja Palembang to
provide licensing, engineering services and proprietary
equipment for a new , tpd ammonia and , tpd urea
plant located in Palembang, South Sumatra, Indonesia.

The plant will be designed using KBRs
Purifiertechnology, which the company
says has demonstrated higher reliability than conventional
designs and offers the lowest proven energy consumption in the
industry.

Construction of the grassroots
facility is part of a consortium between Rekayasa and Toyo
Engineering. Rekayasa will be responsible for the ammonia and
Toyo for the urea.

We are proud to provide our technology to help PT Pupuk
Sriwidjaja Palembang meet the rising need of ammonia and urea
production, said John Derbyshire, president of KBR
Technology.

Learn more about our innovative solutions around the world.. Our fuel-efficient agricultural and forestry tyres help farmers work more effectively, protect the soil from compacting, and harvest greater yields. Our wide selection provides highly specialised, top-quality products ideal for various types of machinery, both on the road and in the field. This includes agricultural tyres for harvesters, forestry machines, sprayers, trailers, spreaders, gardening and more.. Learn more about our innovative solutions around the world.. Trelleborg Forestry tyres represent the best solution for increased accessibility and all-around forestry service.. Trelleborg Wheel Systems produce high-quality rims for forestry, agricultural, industrial and light service applications.. Whether youd like to find out where to buy Trelleborg tyres or download more product information first, our tools and brochures can help.. Want to get in touch? Drop us a line and well get back to you as soon as possible.

Q:

Storing dynamic data in NoSQL

I have scenario where I need to store unstructured data but the rest of my data is structured and relational. An example of the type of unstructured data is as explained below:
User Type :

How do you blah blah :  fields

User Type  :

How do you blah blah : 3 fields

User Type 3 :

How do you blah blah :  fields

All 3 types are asked the same question How do you blah blah but each user type answers it using different number of fields. And there can be a lot of different user types.
For the relational data, I'm using MySQL but i'm a little confused on how to store this unstructured data:

Serialize as JSON and store in MySQL
Use NoSQL

My requirements are high reads, average updates, average inserts & no deletes. No JOINS needed. I need guaranteed writes & high availability. If I were to choose a NoSQL, it'd be a AP type according to the CAP theorem. I won't be hitting millions of records anytime soon. 
I also plan to provide a text search for this data in the future, but it doesn't need to be a real time search, so I can always index the data using Lucene periodically. But of course, document based NoSQL implementations do provide this out of the box. But I have read in a few places where people have advised against storing JSON data in MySQL. But adding a NoSQL layer could be overkill. 
What do I do & if you do advise me to go for NoSQL DB, which one should I choose?

A:

I'll answer your question in an orthodox manner, with a twist of heresy:
Orthodoxy: You shouldn't store data in a column in a relational database that isn't atomic.
Heresy: In your specific situation, you could -- maybe -- consider this blob of JSON to be an atomic object.
Years ago, Chris Date said it like this:

A relation is said to be in first normal form abbreviated NF if and only if it satisfies the condition that it contains scalar values only
 Date, C.J. An Introduction to Database Systems, th edition Addison-Wesley, 

Later, he took a somewhat softer stance:

NF just means each tuple in the relation contains exactly one value, of the appropriate type, for each attribute. Observe in particular that NF places no limitations on what those attribute types are allowed to be.
Date, C. J. Database Design and Relational Theory: Normal Forms and All That Jazz OReilly Media, 

The exactly one value I'm arguing for here is exactly one JSON object which could, in turn contain a JSON array.
Storing things in JSON in a column is a bad idea if you need to the DBMS to manipulate it in any way, since, of course, it can't be properly indexed like properly normalized data can be... but, arguably, if you really really really don't intend for the DBMS to do anything with what you're storing other than write and read it, the case could be made to store a chunk of JSON in a single column, claiming the JSON array of values to be a single atomic value.
The big objection, I think, to doing this, is when it's done out of a lack of familiarity with the relational model or out of laziness or naivete.  Obviously, there are a lot of ways it could be done wrong, but I'd suggest that there's nothing inherently wrong about storing a chunk of JSON in a database, As Long As You Know What You're Doing.
And, of course, you could use a MySQL FULLTEXT index on it, now that those are supported in InnoDB as of MySQL ..



Shlomo Havlin

Shlomo Havlin born July ,  is a Professor in the Department of Physics at Bar-Ilan University, Ramat-Gan, Israel. He served as President of the Israel Physical Society , Dean of Faculty of Exact Sciences , Chairman, Department of Physics .

In  he won the Israel Prize for his accomplishments in physics.

Biography

Professor Shlomo Havlin was born in Jerusalem, Israel then part of The British Mandate of Palestine. He graduated from Bar-Ilan and Tel-Aviv Universities with Highest Distinction. He obtained an academic position at Bar-Ilan University in  where he became a full Professor in Physics at . During  he was a Royal Society Visiting Fellow at the University of Edinburgh, where he worked with Professors William Cochran and Roger Cowley. In  he became the Chair of the Physics Department at Bar-Ilan University until . During 3 and , Professor Havlin was a Visiting Scientist at NIH where he collaborated much with Drs. George Weiss, Ralph Nossal and other members of NIH. During  and  he was a Visiting Professor at Boston University, where he collaborated with Professor H. Eugene Stanley  and many others. Between   and  Havlin was  a visiting Professor in Tokyo Institute of Technology, where he collaborated with Profs. Misako and Hideki Takayasu.

Centers and research impact
Professor Havlin established four Centers at Bar-Ilan, the Gonda-Goldschmiedt Medical Diagnostic Research Center , the Minerva Center for Mesoscopics, Fractals and Neural Networks , Science Beyond   Science Education Unit  and Israel Science Foundation National Center for Complex Networks 3. He was the President of the Israel Physical Society  and the Dean of the Faculty of Exact Sciences at Bar-Ilan University . Professor Havlin had more than  graduate students and postdocs, and collaborated with more than  scientists around the globe. He published more than  articles and  books. He was in  one of the two most cited Israel scientists. He is currently in the editorial board of several scientific journals: Fractals, Physica A, New Journal of Physics, Research Letters in Physics and co-editor of Europhysics Letters.

Prizes and awards

Professor Havlin obtained numerous prizes for his outstanding research, including the Landau Prize for Outstanding Research in Physics , the Humboldt Award  Germany , Prize for best scientific paper of , Bar-Ilan University  and Prize for best popular scientific paper Minister of Science, Israel . He also obtained the Nicholson Medal of the American Physical Society , the Chaim Weizmann Prize for Exact Sciences , the Julius Edgar Lilienfeld Prize for outstanding contribution in physics , the Rothschild Prize for Physical and Chemical Sciences , an Honorary Professor, Beihang University, Beijing, China , the Distinguished Scientist Award, Chinese Academy of Sciences , the Order of the Star of Italy, President of Italy  and the Israel Prize for Physics and Chemistry .

Professor Havlin made many important contributions to science. The following are descriptions of his main contributions in randomness and complexity.

Main contributions
Disordered systems that are self-similar on a broad range of length scales are ubiquitous and often modeled by percolation-type models. The laws that describe transport processes or chemical reactions in these systems are significantly different from those in homogeneous systems. The earlier works of Prof. Havlin, where he discovered several of these important anomalies, had an enormous impact on the development of the whole field and are summarized in the monograph Diffusion and Reactions in Fractals and Disordered Systems that he wrote together with his former graduate student Daniel ben-Avraham Cambridge University Press, . The book describes the anomalous physical laws discovered during - in fractals and disordered systems, many of them by Prof. Havlin and his collaborators. His review article Adv. in Phys.  was cited more than  times and was chosen by the journal's editors to be published again Adv. in Phys. .
In , Professor Shlomo Havlin and his student Reuven Cohen, together with Prof. Daniel ben-Avraham developed a novel percolation-type approach and derived the first theory on the stability of realistic complex networks such as the Internet under random breakdown Phys. Rev. Lett. ,   and intentional attacks Phys. Rev. Lett. , 3 . This study is particularly useful for optimizing the stability of networks against intentional attacks and viruses. They also derived a novel result about the small world nature of complex networks and found that the diameter of scale free networks is significantly smaller and therefore called them ultrasmall worlds Phys. Rev. Lett. ,  3. Since , Havlin and collaborators have focused heavily on interdependent networks. His paper with collaborators developed the percolation theory of network of networks Nature, , 3  and initiated the current active research field of networks of networks. In , he introduced with collaborators  the concept of recovery in percolation theory Nature Physics,, 33 ; Nature Comm., .

Notes

External links
 

Category:Israeli physicists
Category:Living people
Category:Bar-Ilan University faculty
Category: births
Category:Jewish physicists
Category:Israel Prize in physics recipients
Category:Jews in Mandatory Palestine

Learn all you need to know about interviewing for recruitment, from preparing suitable questions and structuring an interview to analyzing information and reaching a decision. Interviewing Skills shows how to choosea new person to fill a post or interview colleagues for a promotion, and it also provides practical techniques to use when interviewing. Power tips help you handle real-life situations and develop first-class interviewing skills that willdramatically improve.. A guide for any manager seeking to hire new talent, including tips on setting criteria, screening candidates, and conducting interviews.

Follow our easy yesno questions to determine if you are eligible to apply to have up to $, released from your super under COVID- compassionate grounds.. Starting pensions. When you retire or reach preservation age, you can access your superannuation benefit as a lump sum or as a pension. A superannuation pension is also known as an income stream and can be started within your SMSF.

Going forward, one of the things I am going to be concentrating more on is Detroits neighborhoods. The places where the people actually live. I think many of these images may be predictable, but as we go through the city I think many people will be surprised at the diversity and in some instances affluence of Detroits great neighborhoods. This post is just a smattering from the East Side, but it is a good example of what I am talking about  clapboard two family dwellings surrounding palatial gated communities and high rise apartments. But was it always like this ? Yep, going back a a hundred years or so. My grandparents raised their family in one of these type of houses, in one of these neighborhoods. My father was born in a lower flat that my grandfather rented from family friends. A couple blocks away were several large mansions, and a gated community..

I am a big idea kind of guy. I love creating large scale outlandish ideas and then tailoring them down into reality based creative executions.. Through my work both individually as well as in collaboration I maintain a level of personality and originality rooted in deep research & development and supported with fluid operational efficiency.. Whether it be on set readying an actor for camera or digging deep into a spreadsheet, my portfolio of work is broad and diverse creating endless experiences and possibilities.. Only question is....What's next?. Getting in Touch.. kkeithhgmail.com. IG: KeithCostumes

NGO Funding Agencies. There are several NGO funding schemes run by the government as well as private organizations, so as to help them in implementing their projects. However, a program of funding may be agreed between NGO funding agencies and the program's strategy in the country. There are a number of methods through which NGOs can get funding from the Government. There are different International NGO funding sources globally like UBS Optimus Foundation, Global Development Network, and United States Agency for International Development.. The objective of these NGO funding agencies is to ensure implementation of projects. NGOs are depended on these funds to sustain their projects and objectives.

Kimberly Bobic is a registered architect, Certified Construction Manager, and a LEED Accredited Professional with over  years of experience providing program and project level management to public sector clients. She has been instrumental in defining project scope and program as well as keeping the design and construction process on schedule and within budget.. Ms. Bobics success in managing programs is founded in her ability to work closely with clients and communicate clearly to the architectural teams.. Ms. Bobic combines her architectural expertise and project management experience with an intense and relentless attitude to drive programs to success.

ZOOM RFID Continental Wallet. Zoomlite RFID blokcing Continental Wallet. This traditional continental leather wallet helps you keep organized on a daily basis and also protects your credit cards from cyber thieves with RFID protection. Featuring a flapover design with stitching detail, and presented in a gift box, this wallets makes a great gift. With plenty of card spaces,  zippered coin sections and room for notes and receipts this is a gift shell love you for.. Material: Luxurious soft touch, top grain cowhide. Colours: Black, Chocolate, Red. Size: H x W x D cms x.cms. Features:. - Leather Medium Card Wallet with flapover closure and RFID protection. -  card spaces,  photoID windows. -  zippered coin sections, 3 large note sections. -.

Best Offer for Delphi  C Builder Developers. Buy FIBPlus at discount price !. The SMIME Message is a component from the Clever Internet .NET Suite library.It allows you to create  parse messages in an alternative MIME format with Attachments and digitally Sign  Verify, Encrypt  Decrypt them according to the SMIME standard: RFC 3, RFC 33 and RFC .. The SMimeMessage component allows you to sign and encrypt messages simultaneously. You can verify both enveloped and detached RSA digital signatures for signed and encrypted messages.. Please see the Demos code SMime and also the indexed Help documentation provided with the Clever Internet .NET Suite installation to learn more about using this component in your application.. When Purchasing the Clever Internet .NET Suite you receive the full sources for all suite components and also free unlimited support.. Related component - Mail Message

We design, build & rank engaging websites, manage your social media & look after your online reputation so you don't have to. Its not enough just to have a website. In order to find customers, you have to have a plan. How will your potential clients find you? We put your business in front of the people who need your specific products and services. No other form of advertising allows you to be as focused as SEO, and no other form of advertising can provide such a high ROI.

Community service is an integral part of the ethos of RMRF. We live this ethos by participating in fundraisers for various causes, serving on boards for not-for-profit groups and professional associations, and undertaking pro bono work on deserving cases.. We have a strong reputation in the legal community for teaching to the profession. Several of our members have taught or teach law subjects at various post-secondary institutions, and we have always paid great attention to the quality of the training we provide to articling students.. Our lawyers also speak regularly to professional and business audiences at conferences and other events to help them gain a better understanding of legal topics concerning them.. An ongoing list of our activities in support of our community can be found on our News & Events page.. ! An ongoing list of our activities in the above areas can be found in the Community section of our blog.

Everything that comes after , game mechanics , history and synergy between graphics and gameplay holds my attention. So i think you just can't analyze a game by separated aspects since they merge one with the other.QUOTE. This.. What is the first thing you see, when you start playing a game? The graphics, of course. They get your attention and give you a first impression of what to expect. Then it's up to the gameplay to hold your attention and keep you interested.. Overall, both are needed and must be balanced carefully. If either of them are lacking the game as a whole will lose appeal. But as long as the gameplay is fun and understandable, and the graphics are coherent and consistent, then the result will be a reasonably well made game.. Also, other factors like audio, level design, story and that sort of stuff factor in just as much as gameplay and art, but this thread's only asking about those two.

One 3 Nighttime Organic CBD Capsules. 3mg per capsule ,mg. with Lavender and Chamomile..  One 3 Daytime Capsules - Organic Hemp Flower CBD Capsules. 3mg per capsule ,mg. with Spirulina BONUS  Be Bliss Truffles- Organic Hemp, fair-trade Cacao, Coconut Sugar. The capsules may be emptied onto foods or into drinks!. Made with vegetarian capsules, our hemp flower capsules absorb quickly into the body.. An effective format for those with desiring a sense of more energetic productive mental clarity.. Relieve's inflammation, digestive issues, elevation sickness, stress, and anxiety.. Full-spectrum cannabinoids ensures you get the benefit of other cannabinoids and terpenes.. Organic hemp flowers ground up in a chemical-free process for maximum purity and quality.. Non Psychoactive and  THC. Other natural molecules include: alkanes, nitrogenous compounds, amino acids, sugars, aldehydes, alcohols, ketones, flavanoids, glycosides, vitamins, pigments and water.

SWAT Digest

Maritime Ops: Overcoming high freeboard

When making a climb, sometimes all you have is a boat

By Phillip Null

The first and most critical issue to address in any ship boarding or interdiction is how to get a team on board, a planning concern primarily decided by the freeboard of the vessel.

Freeboard is the height between a ships deck and its waterline, or the distance from the water to the rail. On small boats it is low and poses no obstacle to a boarding team that only needs to step across from their own boat to board. On larger vessels and commercial ships the height is significantly increased and can only be overcome from the surface by climbing.

Compliant boats will drop a Jacobs ladder or make similar accommodations for a team to get on, but an unwilling or hostile crew cant be expected to do the same. There are only a few methods available to make this climb, and though fast roping from helicopters gets boots on deck quicker and in more intimidating fashion, sometimes all you have is a boat.

Use Whats Available
Everyone has seen photo or video of U.S. Navy SEALS climbing chain to board an anchored ship, a tactic that illustrates the first technique teams should consider. If there is already a ladder over the side and its tactically prudent, use it. If capable climbers are involved an anchor chain could provide a viable substitute to a hanging ladder, but remember that once on board the team will be at a disadvantage in most cases as they have to maneuver across an open deck from the bow where the anchor deploys to the accommodation and engineering spaces where the vessels controls and most of her crew will be. The chain also wont be available if the ships moving, and even if the anchor is set and the ship is stationary, the climb is going to be awkward and slippery.

Freeboard is the height between a ships deck and its waterline, or the distance from the water to the rail. SWAT Digest Image

Climbing Rope
A rope with a grapnel hook tied to its end could be used for some medium freeboard vessels, but by the time climbers make it up they should expect to be fatigued. If carrying a lot of equipment it only gets worse. Knots can alleviate some of the physical strength needed, but safety concerns persist as there is no solid point to clip in if a fall becomes imminent. Ascenders, particularly the kind with power, are available and will make the job easier, but they require additional training and equipment. Their use also limits the number of simultaneous climbers to the number of lines and ascenders available, a factor that could seriously delay embarkation.

Fixed Ladders
The marine boarding ladder, a favorite of Somali pirates, is the best method for medium freeboard heights in the ten feet or less range. Anything higher and they wont be able to reach. The best of these are fitted with top hooks that slide over a ships handrails or kick plates to keep them secure. Teams lift the ladder onto a hook point, test with a pull, then climb up using rungs spaced between the uprights. More narrow pole ladders are also available, and unlike traditional ladders have their rungs leading away from a single pole rather than suspended between two. Many models are collapsible to allow easy transport and storage and some are also buoyant, preventing those nightmare scenarios where the only way onto a target sank after someone dropped it over the side.

Caving Ladder
These are flexible ladders made of two high strength cables with metal rungs spaced between. Used for highest freeboard embarkations, they come at a standard length of 3 feet, but can be custom made to extend even higher. To set them a hook is attached to the top of the ladder then a telescoping painters pole is used to raise it up to the deck and secure. These can accommodate multiple climbers at one time, but its not recommend until the first climber shores up the hook point with a safety runner to prevent the weight and movement from dropping the hook.

Because the painters pole must be extended and locked into place and the ladder and hook must be connected, the setup process can cause delays. Several companies have addressed this issue, including ResQmax which offers the VerTmax Pole, an upgrade on the original telescoping design that uses compressed air to raise and lower for faster employment. They also have a line throwing gun that can deploy climbing ropes up to  ft and the weight of a ladder up to  feet. Another model from Henriksen uses a mechanical winch similar to a fishing reel to speed extension. A top choice for caving ladders and associated equipment is Yates, a popular climbing and weight handling manufacturer with a record for quality and in stock specialty tactical equipment. The last place you need this kind of hardware to fail is miles from land and 3 feet up the side of a ship.

Opposition
Whenever discussing a high freeboard boarding the question comes up of what to do if the opposition starts trying to release or cut the ladder, rope, etc or otherwise impedes the embarkation from their elevated position on deck. Simple answer is that the bad guys are not only trying to prevent the boarding, but at this point trying to kill officers by forcing their fall. Do whatevers needed to protect yourself and your team. One way to avoid the interference entirely is to choose the hook or embarkation point wisely. Find a spot those on board arent covering or wont expect and climb on quick with solid cover backing the ascent.

Summary
As discussed there are only a handful of options for overcoming high freeboard from the waters surface. The final decision on which method a team chooses will be based on the target vessels construction, the physical ability of the involved officers, and the amount of gear they need to carry on board. Ladders will take a lot of the physical effort out of the equation, but unless theyre a fixed model will require more hardware like a telescoping pole or launcher to get into action. Regardless the method, good luck and hold on tight. Remember the climb is only the first step  someone will be waiting at the top.

About the author

The ITOTA is an international association designed to offer quality professional training and information sharing. The ITOTA recognizes the need to expand and share tactical knowledge by focusing on the wealth of experience that exists in the global tactical community.

.. As oxidative stress might be an important part of many human diseases, the use of antioxidants in pharmacology is intensively studied, particularly as treatments for stroke and neurodegenerative diseases. occasionally be harmful. In addition to these uses in medicine, antioxidants have many industrial uses, such as preservatives in food and cosmetics and preventing the degradation of rubber and gasoline..

This class can be used to retrieve information about a file.. It can determine the file name extension, the associated MIME type, the file access permissions, the file size, the width and height in case it is a an image file, file owner, creation, last access and modification time.. The class may also format the file size in bytes, KB, MB, GB and TB.. If you know an application of this package, send a message to the author to add a link here.

The Clinical Research Center at the University of Vermont consists of a six-bed research ward including a special diet kitchen, core laboratory and special procedure rooms which provide inpatient and limited outpatient facilities for the conduct of original investigation by members of the medical faculty. It is staffed by full-time nursing, dietary and laboratory personnel who are highly trained in patient care and research techniques. Thus, the Center provides an environment where suitable patients may be studied under optimum conditions for experimental control and accurate data collection. Proposed research projects must be approved by the Committee on Human Experimentation for the Medical Sciences and are subjected to critical review by the Program Director and CRC Advisory Committee prior to final approval. They are rated on the basis of scientific merit, methodology, and appropriateness for human investigation. A priority rating is established for each research project and admission of patients to the Center is determined accordingly.

Its a good thing that Star Wars was a long time ago in a galaxy far far away. It explains why they are not taking advantage of earths technological advances.. Like for instance, if Star Wars had Facebook, statuses might have looked like this:. This was made of awesome, and came from here.

Star Wars Spoilercast  Episode 3

Now that were exactly one year out from the release of The Force Awakens and since so much has happened since we last posted a Star Wars spoilercast back in May, friends of the podcast Mike Russell, Conley Smith and Jimmy Presler sat down with Bill to chat about the past year in Star Wars news.

In particular, we talk about the TFA teaser trailer, a bunch of random rumored spoilers from throughout the year, the Topps character name reveal, our disappointment with Star Wars Rebels and lots of random thoughts about Star Wars in general.

Was Your Chicken Nugget Made In China? It'll Soon Be Hard To Know

Here's a bit of news that might make you drop that chicken nugget midbite.

Just before the start of the long holiday weekend last Friday, the U.S. Department of Agriculture quietly announced that it was ending a ban on processed chicken imports from China. The kicker: These products can now be sold in the U.S. without a country-of-origin label.

For starters, just four Chinese processing plants will be allowed to export cooked chicken products to the U.S., as first reported by Politico. The plants in question passed USDA inspection in March. Initially, these processors will only be allowed to export chicken products made from birds that were raised in the U.S. and Canada. Because of that, the poultry processors won't be required to have a USDA inspector on site, as The New York Timesnotes, adding:

And because the poultry will be processed, it will not require country-of-origin labeling. Nor will consumers eating chicken noodle soup from a can or chicken nuggets in a fast-food restaurant know if the chicken came from Chinese processing plants.

That's a pretty disturbing thought for anyone who's followed the slew of stories regarding food safety failures in China in recent years. As we've previously reported on The Salt, this year alone, thousands of dead pigs turned up in the waters of Shanghai, rat meat was passed off as mutton and  perhaps most disconcerting for U.S. consumers  there was an outbreak of the HN bird flu virus among live fowl in fresh meat markets.

What's more, critics fear that the changes could eventually open the floodgates for a whole slew of chicken products from China. As the industry publication World Poultry notes:

It is thought ... that the government would eventually expand the rules, so that chickens and turkeys bred in China could end up in the American market. Experts suggest that this could be the first step towards allowing China to export its own domestic chickens to the U.S.

The USDA's decision comes with a backdrop of long-running trade disputes over meat between the U.S. and China. In a nutshell: China banned U.S. beef exports in 3 after a case of mad cow disease turned up in a Washington state cow. Then, when the bird flu virus broke out widely among Asian bird flocks in , the U.S. blocked imports of Chinese poultry. China challenged that decision in front of the World Trade Organization, which ruled in China's favor in .

And, chicken lovers, brace yourselves: There's more. A report suggests chicken inspections here in the U.S. might be poised to take a turn for the worse. The Government Accountability Office said this week it has serious questions about the validity of the new procedures for inspecting poultry across the country.

Basically, these changes would replace many USDA inspectors on chicken processing lines with employees from the poultry companies themselves. The USDA has been piloting the new procedures, which will save money and significantly speed up processing lines, in  chicken plants. As The Washington Postreports, the plan is to roll out the new procedures eventually to most of the country's 3 chicken and  turkey plants.

The problem? According to the GAO, the USDA did a poor job of evaluating the effectiveness of the pilot programs it has in place.

As a result, the report concludes, it's hard to justify the USDA's conclusions that the new procedures will do a better job than current approaches at cutting down on the number of dangerous bacteria like salmonella that pop up on the birds that will later end up on our dinner tables.

Still, the USDA maintains that the changes will, in fact, boost food safety. In a commentary published on Food Safety News, USDA food safety and inspections administrator Alfred Almanza writes, If finalized and implemented broadly, this new inspection system would enable USDA inspectors to better fulfill our food safety mission. Nothing in the GAO's report contradicts this basic fact.

Time to play some music and make awesome, synth-y sounds! Plug in an  3.mm phono cable to the back of the synth and run it into your loudest amp! Powered speakers or a pair headphones will work, too.. You can download and print this graphic file to overlay on your synth to help you with the control layout. Note, not all features on the graphic have been implemented yet. But you can see where there's room for future growth with sequencing, patch store and recall and more! Maybe you'll make an arpeggiator function instead. It's up to you!

. The new Element EAEQ-G is surely the shape of things to come for entry-level integrated amplifiers. Hi-Fi News.. Amplifier: BASH Digital Fidelity Tracking Amplifier. Power output Continuous  kHz  channels driven:  x  Watts into  ohms,.  x  Watts into  ohms,  x  Watts into  ohms. Power output burst CEA   kHz  channel driven:  Watts into  ohms  kHz,  Watts into  ohms  kHz,  Wattsx Stereo RCA. Digital inputs: x coaxial, x optical kHz -bit, x USB kHz -bit asynchronous. Outputs: x Speaker Output, x Subwoofer Output, x Headphone output mW   ohms. Bluetooth audio: Yes with aptX. Audio Decoding: Dolby Digital. Display: OEL. App Control: iOS and Android control app. Room Correction: ABC Auto Blend & Calibrate. Power Consumption: Power Off Vac: .W,. Auto Off Vac: .W. Dimensions W x H x D:  x . x 3 cm. Weight: .3kg. Available finishes: Silver

Missoula Children's Theatre Auditions. Child & Youth Programs and Missoula Childrens Theatre are proud to host this original full-scale musical production Beauty Lou and the Country Beast the week of 3- July! We are looking for local cast members in grades -. Roles of all sizes available for - children. Assistant Director positions available for older students. Volunteer piano player needed. Please call -3.. Beauty Lou and the Country Beast Auditions. Mon, Jul 3   a.m.  Mini Theater bldg. . Children under  must have parents present during this audition. Once selected for their roles, they must be present throughout the week AND for the main show scheduled on Friday evening, July .. Rehearsals - Those selected for the production will be provided rehearsal information.

Challenges to developing countries after joining WTO: risk assessment of chemicals in food.
FAOWHO encourages member countries to develop national food control measures based on risk assessment in order to assure proper protection level to consumers and facilitate fair trade. This is particularly important for developing countries as WTO members because it is clearly stated in the Sanitary and Phytosanitary Measures SPS Agreement that: a SPS measures should be based on risk assessment techniques developed by relevant international organizations; and b Codex standards which is based on risk assessment are regarded as the international norm in trade dispute settlement. When conducting risk assessment on food chemicals including additives and contaminants in developing countries, in most cases it is not necessary to conduct their own hazard characterization because the ADIs or PTWIs of food chemicals developed by international expert groups e.g. JECFA are universally applicable and also developing countries do not have the resources to repeat those expensive toxicological studies. On the other hand, it is necessary to conduct exposure assessment in developing countries because exposure to food chemicals varies from country to country. This is not only crucial in setting national standards, but also very important for developing countries to participate in the process of developing Codex standards. In addition to food standard development, risk assessment is also useful in setting up priorities in imported food inspection and evaluating the success of various food safety control measures.

Ghana School of Surveying and Mapping gets a new Board

Accra- A seven-member Board of the Ghana School of Surveying and Mapping GSSM has been inaugurated by Mr Kwaku Asomah-Cheremeh, the Minister of Lands and Natural Resources in Accra for a two- year mandate.

The Board is chaired by Mr James Ebenezer Dadson, a Technical Director at the Ministry of Lands and Natural Resources.

Other members of the board include Mr James Ofori Boadu and Mr Yaw Aboagye Kyei both from the Lands Commission, Mr Daniel Adomako Agyemfrah, a Principal of the Ghana School of Surveying and Mapping, Dr Anthony Arko Adjei, a Geometric Engineering Lecturer, KNUST, Mr J. C. Acquaah from the Ghana Institute of Surveyors and Mr Richard Kwaku Baah of the Students Representative Council of GSSM.

Mr Asomah-Cheremeh, the Sector Minister, while inducting members of the Board, urged them to bring their individual and collective skills and experiences to bear on the management of the School.

He entreated them to undertake research and implement pragmatic and innovative measures to address the challenges of the School.

The Minister charged them to ensure that students capacity and competencies were adequately nurtured for national growth and development, adding that, the Ministry was working to resolve those challenges in due course.

Dr Anthony Arko Adjei, on behalf of his colleagues, assured the government they would do their best to discharge their duties.

Our appointment comes with a responsibility to promote academic excellence, and the welfare of staff and students.

We assure you that we will work tirelessly with ears to listen to our stakeholders and hearts committed to duty, Dr Arko Adjei said.

Source: Ghana News Agency

Ghana School of Surveying and Mapping gets a new Board

Accra- A seven-member Board of the Ghana School of Surveying and Mapping GSSM has been inaugurated by Mr Kwaku Asomah-Cheremeh, the Minister of Lands and Natural Resources in Accra for a two- year mandate.

The Board is chaired by Mr James Ebenezer Dadson, a Technical Director at the Ministry of Lands and Natural Resources.

Other members of the board include Mr James Ofori Boadu and Mr Yaw Aboagye Kyei both from the Lands Commission, Mr Daniel Adomako Agyemfrah, a Principal of the Ghana School of Surveying and Mapping, Dr Anthony Arko Adjei, a Geometric Engineering Lecturer, KNUST, Mr J. C. Acquaah from the Ghana Institute of Surveyors and Mr Richard Kwaku Baah of the Students Representative Council of GSSM.

Mr Asomah-Cheremeh, the Sector Minister, while inducting members of the Board, urged them to bring their individual and collective skills and experiences to bear on the management of the School.

He entreated them to undertake research and implement pragmatic and innovative measures to address the challenges of the School.

The Minister charged them to ensure that students capacity and competencies were adequately nurtured for national growth and development, adding that, the Ministry was working to resolve those challenges in due course.

Dr Anthony Arko Adjei, on behalf of his colleagues, assured the government they would do their best to discharge their duties.

Our appointment comes with a responsibility to promote academic excellence, and the welfare of staff and students.

We assure you that we will work tirelessly with ears to listen to our stakeholders and hearts committed to duty, Dr Arko Adjei said.

Source: Ghana News Agency

Ghana School of Surveying and Mapping gets a new Board

Accra- A seven-member Board of the Ghana School of Surveying and Mapping GSSM has been inaugurated by Mr Kwaku Asomah-Cheremeh, the Minister of Lands and Natural Resources in Accra for a two- year mandate.

The Board is chaired by Mr James Ebenezer Dadson, a Technical Director at the Ministry of Lands and Natural Resources.

Other members of the board include Mr James Ofori Boadu and Mr Yaw Aboagye Kyei both from the Lands Commission, Mr Daniel Adomako Agyemfrah, a Principal of the Ghana School of Surveying and Mapping, Dr Anthony Arko Adjei, a Geometric Engineering Lecturer, KNUST, Mr J. C. Acquaah from the Ghana Institute of Surveyors and Mr Richard Kwaku Baah of the Students Representative Council of GSSM.

Mr Asomah-Cheremeh, the Sector Minister, while inducting members of the Board, urged them to bring their individual and collective skills and experiences to bear on the management of the School.

He entreated them to undertake research and implement pragmatic and innovative measures to address the challenges of the School.

The Minister charged them to ensure that students capacity and competencies were adequately nurtured for national growth and development, adding that, the Ministry was working to resolve those challenges in due course.

Dr Anthony Arko Adjei, on behalf of his colleagues, assured the government they would do their best to discharge their duties.

Our appointment comes with a responsibility to promote academic excellence, and the welfare of staff and students.

We assure you that we will work tirelessly with ears to listen to our stakeholders and hearts committed to duty, Dr Arko Adjei said.

Source: Ghana News Agency

Ghana School of Surveying and Mapping gets a new Board

Accra- A seven-member Board of the Ghana School of Surveying and Mapping GSSM has been inaugurated by Mr Kwaku Asomah-Cheremeh, the Minister of Lands and Natural Resources in Accra for a two- year mandate.

The Board is chaired by Mr James Ebenezer Dadson, a Technical Director at the Ministry of Lands and Natural Resources.

Other members of the board include Mr James Ofori Boadu and Mr Yaw Aboagye Kyei both from the Lands Commission, Mr Daniel Adomako Agyemfrah, a Principal of the Ghana School of Surveying and Mapping, Dr Anthony Arko Adjei, a Geometric Engineering Lecturer, KNUST, Mr J. C. Acquaah from the Ghana Institute of Surveyors and Mr Richard Kwaku Baah of the Students Representative Council of GSSM.

Mr Asomah-Cheremeh, the Sector Minister, while inducting members of the Board, urged them to bring their individual and collective skills and experiences to bear on the management of the School.

He entreated them to undertake research and implement pragmatic and innovative measures to address the challenges of the School.

The Minister charged them to ensure that students capacity and competencies were adequately nurtured for national growth and development, adding that, the Ministry was working to resolve those challenges in due course.

Dr Anthony Arko Adjei, on behalf of his colleagues, assured the government they would do their best to discharge their duties.

Our appointment comes with a responsibility to promote academic excellence, and the welfare of staff and students.

We assure you that we will work tirelessly with ears to listen to our stakeholders and hearts committed to duty, Dr Arko Adjei said.

BT believes this is the year it claims British sport

Marc Watson chats Premier League, K and British tech

3 is the year that BT goes all in. Come August it will go head to head with Sky by launching its own rival sports service, BT Sport, offering 3 exclusive live football matches from the Barclays Premier League and a tonne of other sports available across its two channels. It's a market that has long been dominated by Sky, but BT has its own unique kicker - the service is free for its Broadband customers.

And despite both Setanta's and before it was bought by BT ESPN's previous failed attempts to break Sky's stronghold, there's an air of confidence about Marc Watson, chief executive of TV at BT Retail. We're feeling very optimistic, he tells us. We think there's a really big opportunity to expand the market.

He even bats away suggestions that Sky's retaliations, including offering its first free-to-air live Premiership League match on the first day of the season, are a cause for concern. We think it's a really good endorsement of the model we've developed and we think it's a positive, he says.

I think it's great. I think they should do more free actually. I think it's a model the customers like and we'd encourage them to roll that model out across more of their products.

BT's plan is to bring in the masses by waving the free banner although you'll need to be an existing BT Broadband customer to enjoy the service charge-free and pay 3 a month for HD if you sign up after August . Those with Sky broadband, meanwhile, can get BT Sport for  a month in HD or  a month for standard, with a one-off activation fee of .

What I'm hoping it will do is bring more customers into the market who want to watch this sport. Sky is doing one day for free. If customers want to watch this kind of sport going forward then there's only one company that's free all the time and that's us, says Watson.

Only one in five households in the UK take premium sports at the moment, he adds. And that's not because only one in five households are interested in sports, but because only one in five households can afford the premium sport that's been out there so far.

Vantage point

It's been by standing on the sidelines that BT has been able to plot its attack on the market, and now it's ready to strike. But the proof will be in the BT pudding. Although it's keeping cagey on the numbers right now, Watson is able to tell us that they're very pleased with the progress so far in terms of uptake for the service.

Still, Watson agrees that it remains a challenging market. And the regulation of the UK market is very unbalanced, he adds. But BT's vision is long term, and goes well beyond the two channels it will be offering from August.

The main difference is that ESPN and Setanta only had one product to sell which was the channel, he says. We're a big business with a bulk of products to sell to customers. And the reason we're interested in sport is because we think it can help us sell our range of products to customers.

Watson is confident that BT has the upper hand

BT believes that it can use its sports service to demonstrate the power of its superfast broadband. There's a lot of money - 3 billion almost - rolling out for superfast broadband around the UK, says Watson.

The fastest superfast broadband anywhere in the world. That's a network that's primed and ready to go. And one of the things we can use sport for is to showcase that network. We'll be looking at features and ideas and innovations that help us to do that.

BitBargain. BitBargain is a marketplace for bitcoin sales in the United Kingdom that facilitates fast and secure GBP to bitcoin transactions using instant payment methods such as bank transfers, Pingit or Ukash.. Offers. Sellers create offers. An offer includes an item Bitcoin, a payment method bank transfer, Pingit, Ukash and some other settings minimum, maximum amount per transaction, price formula, trust.. Buying process. No direct communication is established between buyer and seller. The buyer makes a request and the seller has a very short time to accept it  seconds currently. The buyer then gets the details necessary to make the payment. After receiving the payment, the seller releases the buyer's coins which are immediately moved to the buyer's BitBargain wallet, ready to be sent to any bitcoin address.. Trade speed. Countdowns, sound alerts and SMS notifications speed up the trade.. Screenshots. History. BitBargain.co.uk launched on December , .

TV StandsStands & Brackets

There is something special about good music, and for some people hearing it at home on a good audio system is a relaxing pastime. The typical midi all-in-one system delivers well in a dorm room or a bedroom, but struggles to fill a good sized living room. This is where a decent separates audio system comes into its own.

Why a Hi-Fi Separates System?
A Separates Hi-Fi system typically has signal sources CD player, tuner, Ipod interface as separate devices. This goes into the preamplifier, which allows source selection and volume, balance and tone controls if necessary, then into a separate power amplifier. Alternatively, an integrated amplifier containing preamplifier and power amplifier in one box can be used for more modest systems.

Since the components are standalone units, this offers the opportunity to mix and match units from different manufacturers. This has the advantage of flexibility - a company that makes great CD players, for instance, may not make the best power amplifiers. It allows the buyer to spend money on just the components they will use - no need to get a radio tuner if it will never be used.

Hawai'i Pineapple Co. operates a farm on the Big Island, but most of its production comes from a partnership with Aloun Farm, in Kunia.

Aloun Farms

Pineapple pickers on Lana'i, once the world's largest pineapple plantation operated by Dole Food.

ADVERTISER LIBRARY PHOTO  Sept. , 

: Del Monte Fresh Produce left the Hawaii market in .

3: Dole tears down its pineapple water tower after closing the cannery in '.

3: Del Monte ceases Hawai'i pineapple canning operations.

: Canning on Lana'i. Pineapple production starting to slow.

Pineapple farming in Hawai'i declined sharply in the past few years at the hands of two agribusiness industry giants, but increasing numbers of small farmers see sweet opportunity in the crop long associated with the Isles.

Call us crazy, but let's hope we're crazy like a fox  not crazy crazy, said Craig Bowden, a farm industry veteran who partnered to start two local pineapple farm ventures three years ago and has rapidly expanded.

Bowden was one of  pineapple growers in the state in , up from 3 in  and  in , according to the three most recent farm census reports from the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

The rise in pineapple farming involves mostly small farms, so the crop isn't about to reclaim its crown as king of Hawai'i agriculture  a title lost in  to seed crops.

But the niche growth for pineapple is helping maintain agriculture's roots in Hawai'i and counters a perception for some that pineapple farming is dying out in the state.

It's part of Hawai'i, said Mark Hudson, statistician for the state Department of Agriculture.

Plantation-scale pineapple farming in Hawai'i has suffered over several decades from competition largely from Central America and Asia where land and labor costs are cheaper. Hawai'i's pineapple production by acreage actually peaked in , though the value of annual pineapple sales topped out in  at $ million.

CUTBACKS SEEN

The most recent pullbacks involved Del Monte Fresh Produce leaving the local market in , and a cutback last year by Maui Land & Pineapple Co. from roughly , acres to , acres. Dole Food Co. reduced its local pineapple business in  from 3, acres to ,, and remains the biggest grower in the state.

Matthew Loke, agriculture development division administrator with the state Department of Agriculture, said Hawai'i farms still supply  percent of pineapple for local consumption, but the changes by big producers have created opportunity for more small farmers, especially organic producers and growers of special varieties.

New growth in local pineapple farming has mostly involved very small farms, according to census figures. On the Big Island,  pineapple farms averaged one acre in size. On Kaua'i,  acres of pineapple were spread over 3 farms.

Those in the industry suspect that some of the small farms counted in the census don't produce fresh fruit for commercial sale, or may only sell at farmers markets.

Bowden is one of the biggest, if not the biggest, among the new crop of Hawai'i pineapple farmers. A graduate of Kalani High School and former manager with Del Monte who worked in the Philippines, Hawai'i and Florida, Bowden partnered with fellow Kalani alumnus and crop research specialist Tom Menezes to start Hawai'i Pineapple Co. LLC in  and produce fruit under a brand named Hawaiian Crown.

The company started with a few acres of its own pineapple variety sold in Times Super Market, and has since dramatically expanded by tens of acres and added more retail outlets including Foodland Super Market, KTA Super Stores and military commissaries.

GROWTH ON BIG ISLAND

Hawai'i Pineapple Co. operates a farm on the Big Island, but most of its production comes from a partnership with large diversified crop grower Aloun Farm in Kunia on O'ahu.

Bowden said  percent of Hawaiian Crown pineapple is sold locally in stores typically for $. to $. a pound, with a few exports to places such as California, Las Vegas and even Dubai.

Bowden said plans are in the works to partner with two more existing farms on O'ahu and the Big Island that would double the size of the business.

On a smaller scale, Sweet Spirit Farms on the Big Island incorporated pineapple farming with a Kona coffee farm started in  by Deb and Paul Sims after they moved to Hawai'i from the Mainland in 3.

Deb Sims said they started planting crowns from white pineapple they bought to eat, and two years ago had accumulated enough plants to begin selling regularly at the local farmers market where the fruit typically sells for $3 a pound.

They're easy to grow, she said. They don't need a lot of care.

Sweet Spirit, which has about 3, coffee trees, has about  pineapple plants on one-fourth an acre, and Sims said she and her husband intend to plant more. The supply I don't think meets the demand, she said.

Other small pineapple farmers include Phil Green, who grows organic pineapples on Kaua'i at Kaua'i Organic Farms, and James Bunten and Sharon Umbaugh of Bunten Farms who grow white pineapples on the Big Island.

The growth among small pineapple farmers, however, doesn't mean the business is easy or a sure thing. Small farmers have left the business in recent years, a reminder that farming is inherently tough with its exposure to inclement weather, pests and other factors that are hard to control.

PERSONAL PRODUCTION

On Lana'i  once the world's largest pineapple plantation operated by Dole Food  only one commercial farmer is believed to be growing pineapple, but the plants aren't for commercial production.

Alberta De Jetley farms  acres planted in a variety of crops, including lettuce and bananas, sold to the island's two resorts and other local businesses. De Jetley said she first planted pineapple for fun about  months ago with about  plants, and has since more than doubled plantings of crowns she receives from a hotel bakery.

Still, De Jetley, who once contemplated asking Dole for propagation material for  plants, intends to keep her pineapple harvests small for sharing with friends and making what she said is a fantastic fruit salad.

.. From: Excl. VAT: . Incl. VAT: 3.. Grey Rubber Wheels are an alternative to the industrial black rubber wheels. These rubber wheels have similar properties, with the added benefit of being a non marking rubber. Non marking grey rubber wheels start at a mm diameter up to a mm diameter and can be supplied either with or without roller bearings. Suitable for a variety of applications and floor surfaces these every day grey rubber wheels are an ideal choice.

This article was last updated on April , . It seems like Bollywoods Mr. Perfectionist Aamir Khan, famous for his creative productions and endorsing tactics is amazingly going to copy Salman Khan for his next film. Salmans forthcoming movie EK THA TIGERs newly launched digital poster, which caught the eye of the Perfectionist so much so that he is considering to release his future Reema Kagti directed projects poster also digitally.. Rumor has it that Aamir is inspired with the idea of using a digital poster. Hes going to sit with the creative team and do something similar. Since hes practical with every project he aims to get occupied in the creative process of making the poster too.. Yash Raj Films romantic-thriller EK THA TIGER is planned to release on st June . The project is directed by Kabir Khan and produced by Aditya Chopra, the film stars Salman Khan & Katrina Kaif in the lead roles. The movie is based on a story.. Article viewed on: Oye! Times at. Be the first to comment

Meggenhorn Castle. Meggenhorn Castle is a castle in Meggen near the city of Lucerne. It was built in  by Edouad Hofer-Grosjean from Mulhouse and in  equipped with a Welte Philharmonic Organ. It is surrounded by vine yards and is considered to be the municipality's symbol. Today, it is mostly used as a tourist attraction and reception venue.. Anything wrong with the information about this place ? Do you want to add more details ? Please click here.... If you want to change some of the information or you want to add new information, please send us a message:. Location. Meggen, canton of Lucerne, Switzerland. view map. Built. th century

She is stepping up to the plate.

Credit: Instagram  chrissyteigen; maroneymckayla

Chrissy Teigen is one celebrity, mother, model, and television personality who loves to speak her mind. If she has something she wants to say, shell say it. And apparently, she wants others to do the same.

Chrissy, along with a host of other celebrities including actress Kristen Bell, have recently declared that they are willing to pay McKayla Maroneys $, fine if she speaks up against alleged abused Larry Nassar in court.

McKayla said back in October that Larry Nassar sexually abused her for years. It all started when she was just 3 years old! Nassar faces similar accusations from dozens of athletes, including by U.S. gymnasts Gabby Douglas, Maggie Nichols, Simone Biles and Aly Raisman.

Heres the problem though: McKayla reached a settlement over her claims and faces a $, fine if she speaks at Larry Nassars hearing. One hundred twenty-five women and girls have filed civil lawsuits against Nassar. Thats why Chrissy and other female celebrities are stepping up to the plate and offering to help McKayla, although it might not be that easy. It also might not be something that McKayla wants. Heres why.

Ask Our Leaders What They Will Do For Children In Care!

Some of our most vulnerable children are in care today, their voice often drowned out by other competing interests inside the system, so a recent call backed by childrens charities and support groups on our government leaders to pledge their support for these children during the Leaders Debate broadcast on nd April is a great idea.

You can read the Open Letter to our senior politicians here, which calls on the countrys leaders to tell the nation on nd April what they will do for children in care. Sadly, if pledges are made during the broadcast there is no way of enforcing them, but at least our politicians will be aware of what is important to the public moving forward. And we will all be watching them.

Special occasions. Relaxing and inviting with award winning food we can cater for intimate weddings, birthday parties or simply a special gathering with family or colleagues.. We have 3-course dinner menu option, as well as boards with specials changing daily with the freshest local produce. If you or your guests have any dietary requirements please just let us know and we'll accommodate you as much as possible. We also have twelve spacious bedrooms if some of you or your guests would like somewhere to stay on the night.. If a full sit-down meal isn't what you're after we also take group bookings for bar food or can provide a selection of finger food on request.. Call   with enquiries or email infoahernes.net

Custom Name Necklace with Rhinestone Letters. Asymmetric hexagon leaves earringsmixed metals, asymmetrical leaves earringsmixed metals, mixed metals earringsmixed metals, mismatched leaves earringsmixed metals, earrings for her. $3.. In stock. Handmade. Description. toodles BY TOODLEBUNNY Mixed metals with a silvertone base for the repurposed leaves and chain with new brass hexagon shapes in these one of a kind earrings. A very soft blush pink matte jade with coordinating crystal accents. Stone color more true in second image with hand for scaleLength 3 and 3. as shown, upcycled jewelry

I had the opportunity to ride a new Slingshot LFT board on Wednesday, and found it to be a pleasant surprise and wanted to share with all here. In Chicago, we get quite a few light wind days and this board will make the difference for a lot of riders...after riding it one day, I ordered one for myself.. This tester board is cm by  cm and 3cm thick. The sizing will be the production sizing. The thickness is the key for the light wind performance. Its a relatively short board for light wind, with extra volume in the body for edge is tapered so the material's thickness at the edge is the same as the Jarvis and other boards, as well... img src ... width.jpg. img src ... epplin.jpg. img src ... setup.jpg. V

Moon Haus cartridges are made with premium-grade THC distillate and naturally-derived terpenes. Every batch of Moonhaus distillate is lab-tested to ensure quality and consistency in every inhale. Engineered to deliver the most flavourful vapour, every cartridge contains mg of THC, housed in a .mL TH cartridge. Moonhaus carts are made with a  organic cannabis terpenes, contains zero VG, zero PG, zero alcohol, zero MCT, and no vitamin-E acetate. In comparison to other manufacturers, the revolutionary ceramic heating elements and unique design of TH cartridges allow for better flowability of oil, ensuring a premium vaping experience.. Sale!. Related products. $3.  $.. $.  $3.. $.  $.. Reviews. There are no reviews yet.

News. Nelsonville Bypass Getting New Barriers. By: Athens Messenger staff reports. Posted on:. Motorists driving the Nelsonville bypass might wonder why there are orange construction barrels lining the new highway on its western end.. A contractor will be installing cable barrier in the median of the highway, according to Alan Craig of the Ohio Department of Transportation's District  office.. Nationwide Construction Group, based in Michigan, has been awarded a nearly $. million contract for the work, which will include the entire bypass and is scheduled to be completed this fall, Craig said.. The barrier  basically a guardrail made with cable rather than metal beams  is intended to prevent vehicles from crossing the median and hitting oncoming traffic, Craig said.. Work will involve restricting the bypass to one lane in each direction. Rather that restrict traffic for the full length of the bypass at one time, it was decided to do the project in stages, Craig said.

Want to know more about State of Michigan? Just ask.. What is the interview process like?. What is the culture of the workplace?. Ask something else about working at State of Michigan.. Ask a question about working or interviewing at State of Michigan. Our community is ready to answer.. Show more. Show less

The best or nothing. This simple philosophy drives everything we do. So, when time comes for you to drive home in the Mercedes-Benz of your dreams, expect nothing but the best finance plans from us.. Mercedes-Benz Financial offers a full range of finance, leasing and insurance services that support, Mercedes-Benz, its dealer network and most importantly, its customers. When you finance and insure your vehicle through Mercedes-Benz Financial, you will receive a focused financial services solution, ensuring you get a product which has been tailored exactly to your driving and financing needs. We provide flexible finance schemes, with easy down payment and convenient EMI options. You can even chose to avail your desired Mercedes-Benz on operating lease. Calculate your payment using our calculator and get a better understanding of the loan youd need to avail.. Its a financing experience engineered to be the finest. Our commitment to excellence also ensures a level of service that is unrivaled in the industry.

Measuring pH In A Food-Safe Environment Food processing covers a wide range of activities all of which require both food safety and quality standards to be met to ensure that consumers receive high quality products. One of the more vital parameters that plays a part in this is pH since it governs both physical and chemical reactions during food production as well as inhibiting the growth of pathogens. This image shows pH sensors being used in a process skid that includes a dosing system. Ian Webster, Hygienic Processing Segm

Walter Anderson: The Extraordinary Life and Art of The Islander. by Robert St. John & Anthony Thaxton. There have been many books about my father, but none like this one.. - John G. Anderson. Walter Anderson: The Extraordinary Life and Art of The Islander contains numerous rare photographs, artwork never before seen, and paintings lost through Hurricane Katrina. It's the extraordinary story of a man called  America's Van Gogh.. Though featured in countless books and exhibitions including a 3 retrospective show at the Smithsonian Institution on the centennial of his birth, Walter Anderson has not yet achieved his deserved place in American art history. This book shines light on all the facets of Anderson's unbelievable. Walter Anderson: The Extraordinary Life and Art of The Islander is an eye-opening and inspiring work to be treasured and dipped into again and again.. This book is essential for anyone interested in my father. - John G. Anderson

Five countries welcome NAG decision to appoint a committee for managing the investment corporation.. Five countries welcome NAG decision to appoint a committee for managing the investment corporation.Thursday , --  ::. Tripoli, ..  Lana  A five government , of America , France , Germany , Britain , Italy and Spain , had welcomed the decision made by the presidential council for NAG , in appointing a temporarily steering committee for the Libyan investment corporation. The government in an issued statement , they pointed out that the international security council resolution No.  , has stressed on the importance of NAG is only supervision in an actively manner , on the sovereign institutions , which are the national oil corporation NOC , Libya central bank LCB , and the Libyan investment corporation LIC. In their statement , they had asserted on the importance for these institutions , to continue their work for the benefit of all Libyans. Lana

Blue Moon Publishers, .. Daughter of Egyptologists and superpower wielding Nefertari Hughes is at it again. Halfway through her senior year in high school, Terrys got some major life decisions ahead of her. The rest of her life is looming and Terry and her best friend Maude must decide what theyre going to do next. Unfortunately, their choices arent exactly what their parents had in mind for them, and theyre both avoiding that reveal.. Soon, mind a jumble of thoughts and emotions about the future, Terrys wrapped up in another big mystery involving Cleopatras legacy. Is it right for Terry to involve her friends and boyfriend in the danger that seems to follow her? Is she taking foolish risks because of her powers or is she simply a victim of circumstance?. I enjoyed this next installment of the mysteriesI especially loved the way Maude seems to be coming into her own as the series continues. Im looking forward to finding out what happens in the next installment of the Nefertari Hughes mysteries.

Rogaining Tasmania. Bangor 3  Return of the Oysters Event Write-up. Bangor 3 - Return of the Oysters Rogaine  Forestier Peninsula. December st saw competitors head to the Bangor farm to revisit an area previously used in  & 3 to compete in either the  hour, roving -hour event and -hour events.. The course saw those entered taking in scenic soaring coastal cliffs, beaches, historic monuments, broad acre paddocks, the occasional burnt out Hyundai Excel, and if they got your timing right, a cheeky stop for oysters and coffee. The link to the event results is below.. Run Rheban Run Rogaine  th April  Event Report.. Life Membership  Rod Bilson. Rod. Rogaine Tasmania stalwarts Ross Kelly, Rod Bilson and Adele Winslow at a frosty RT shed clean out in July . Hamilton Heritage Rogaine - nd Dec  Event Report.

From gentle woodwind to crashing drums, this book is a perfect introduction to the world of classical music for young children.Join the animal orchestra as they rehearse for their concert. From hamster on the triangle to Hippo on the tuba, listen to all the animals' instruments by pressing the sound buttons, before hearing the entire orchestra playing together at the end.

Las Vegas RV. Contact: Donna Linker. 3 Las Vegas Boulevard. Las Vegas, NV . Las Vegas, NV . Okay, time to go to class, RV class that is. When choosing which camperRVs to buy, it helps to know the different classes of CamperRVs there are to choose from. By the way, a camper in Europe is referred to as a caravan. When considering Class A to Class C RVs, just remember that it goes from larger and more expensive Class A to smaller and least expensive Class C with Class B in the middle.

Astronomical Society of South Australia

The Astronomical Society of South Australia ASSA was founded in  and is the oldest society of its kind in Australia. It is the only representative body for amateur astronomy in the state of South Australia.
It holds regular general monthly meetings, frequent meetings for members of specialised groups and has available two observatories, one with a 3mm telescope at The Heights School within easy reach of Adelaide and used primarily for public viewing, and a second at Stockport with mm and mm telescopes presently in service and a larger 3-inch instrument currently being considered.

Membership
The ASSA has approximately  members. People of all ages are able to join.

Observatories and facilities
The ASSA has a choice of facilities available to members and guests:
Stockport Observatory - this was badly damaged  in a severe storm in , but in late 3 the Astronomical Society of South Australia was given $, by the State Government to pay for half of the cost of a new dome. The observatory is used as a teaching tool, hosting groups of curious students and members the public, but it also has an impressive research record. 
The Heights Observatory
Tooperang Observing Site
Whyalla Middleback Observing Site
Adelaide Planetarium
The ASSA Library

The VicSouth Desert Spring Star Party is an annual weekend of astronomy, jointly hosted by the Astronomical Society of Victoria and the Astronomical Society of South Australia. It is held around OctoberNovember near the town of Nhill in western Victoria, Australia.

Notable Members
 Professor Sir Robert Chapman CMG, BA, M.I.C.E., MIEAust  was President for 3 years.
 William A. Bill Bradfield AM - - with  comets and  asteroid bearing his name.  He was a rocket propulsion and ballistics expert retired. There is a Bradfield Award given by the Astronomical Society of South Australia to an amateur who displays exceeding accomplishment in a given year in the field of astronomy, given in honour of Bill's achievements. Bill was a long-time ASSA Life Member, past-President  and was inducted into the ASSA Hall of Fame in 3.

See also
 List of astronomical societies

References

External links

Category:Organizations established in 
Category:Amateur astronomy organizations
Category:Scientific organisations based in Australia
Category:Clubs and societies in South Australia

Financial Models lie at the heart of complex business decisions, investment appraisals and M&A deals. Models also run the annual budgeting and planning cycle.. FINMOD is here to help you get started quickly with templates from a library of Financial Models built by Chartered Accountants specialising in Financial Modelling.. At FINMOD we believe in empowering businesses to build their own Financial Models by distilling our decades of experience into concise online and face-to-face training courses.. Over the years weve built a precision set of Modelling Tools to super-charge our productivity in creating Financial Models. We offer the same tools we use to super-charge your modelling capability.. For those more urgent bids, deals and investor presentations, were of course always on hand and available to support you with our expertise during these difficult and pressured times.

UNESCOs Executive Board approves Indias proposal to set up Mahatma Gandhi Institute of Education for Peace & Sustainable Development as UNESCO Category-I Institute. India is poised to become the first country in Asia to have an UNESCO Category  I Institute, which will be named Mahatma Gandhi Institute of Education for Peace and Sustainable Development. The Executive Board of UNESCO has approved Indias proposal to set up a Mahatma Gandhi Institute of Education for Peace & Sustainable Development as UNESCO Category I Institute. This approval was accorded by acclamation in the Joint Administrative and Finance Commission of the Executive Board at its nd Session which was held on th September, . This would be the first Category-I Institute of UNESCO to be established in the Asia Pacific region. At present, there are eleven UNESCO Category-I institutes and except 3 of them, all are located in developed countries and none is located in Asia.

On Sun, -- at 3:, pat hayes wrote:   After reading through the Primer, particularly section , I propose  that almost all of section 3 of the semantics document be simply  removed.  I don't know what's in section 3 of the semantics document. Sorry. In any case I mis-cited it, I should have said section 3.. It contains the 'informal' description of the parts that have no formal semantics, notably reification, containers and collections: 3.. in there is going to get re-written this evening to reflect the change suggested in my earlier message. The corresponding parts of Frank's primer are I'd appreciate pointers whenever documents are??   :: EST. This archive was generated by hypermail pre-.. : Wednesday, 3 September 3 :: EDT

NI CompactRIO performance controllers combine the industrys highest performance processors with the largest and most powerful FPGAs from NI. These flexible systems offer the processing power you need for advanced control applications, high-speed data transfer and logging, and processing-intensive applications such as rapid control prototyping and advanced motion. The CompactRIO performance controllers use flexible LabVIEW graphical system design software to help you develop windows, real-time, and FPGA applications.

The question may sound strange but lately, reading immigration news, I started to wonder whether immigrating to Canada through the Quebec process was still worth it.

Indeed, prospective immigrants to Canada who are planning to settle in Quebec must go through the Quebec process, since the province selects immigrants to achieve certain objectives. Meanwhile, the federal government of Canada is still responsible for admitting immigrants.

So if you are planning to settle in Quebec, you must go through two distinct processes:

First, being selected by the provincial government of Quebec and obtain a Certificat de Slection du Qubec CSQ. At this stage, your educational and work backgrounds are assessed, as well as your ability to integrate into Quebec.

Second, being accepted by the federal government of Canada. Permanent residence can be granted after a medical exam and a background check.

Those planning to settle in Quebec have long known that the additional step, obtaining a CSQ,incurred extra fees. For the principal applicant, it was CA$ before April ,  and for the spouse and each dependent child, it was CA$. And each member of the family, including kids, needs a CSQ.

Yet prospective immigrants didnt mind the extra cost and hassle for a lot of reasons:

Quebec has long favoured francophone immigrants and immigrating through the Quebec process was said to be easier than going through the federal process.

A lot of French speakers do want to settle in Quebec for linguistic or cultural reasons.

The province of Quebec heavily advertises immigrating to la belle province through a network of Bureaux dImmigration du Qubec BIC around the world that offers free information sessions.

The proof of funds required for Quebec-selected applicants is much lower than the proof of funds required for those immigrating to other provinces $, for one adult arriving in Quebec versus $, for an adult settling anywhere else in Canada.

The immigration process through Quebec was said to be faster for qualified French speakers.

But lately, the Ministry of Immigration and Cultural Communities responsible for immigration matters in Quebec made a number of dramatic changes to the process.

First, on April , , the fees levied by the Gouvernement du Qubec for processing an immigration application were raised from $ to $ouch! And dont forget that the Quebec process is only half of the process, you still have the pay the permanent residence fees to the Government of Canada.

Second, to obtain the CSQ, even native French speakers for instance, French citizens must now take a French language test. The fees depend on where you take the test, but seem to be around  in France.

Third, Quebec is facing a heavy backlog of applications and obtaining a CSQ takes longer and longer. For instance, the Quebec visa office in Paris is currently processing applications it received in September . For Northern Africa immigrants, processing times are much much longer: the Quebec visa office in Algeria is currently processing application received in July ! You can see the processing times here for other visa offices around the world. And dont forget that this is just one step of the process: the federal government then have to process your application!

So going through the Quebec process is now more expensive, with more hassle, and takes longer than everhence my initial question, is it still worth it?

Im not arguing whether settling in Quebec is a good idea. I understand the province has a strong appeal for a lot of French speakers, and if you do plan to live in Quebec, you dont have the choice, you must go through the Quebec immigration process.

But if you are hesitating between living in Quebec and living in other provinces, Id urge you to see whether going through the federal process would be easier, faster and cheaper.

Your search results:. Showing 3 service search results. Filter by. Information. - Education. - Assessments, Education, Health and Care Plans. - Leisure Activities and Short Breaks. - Health. - Financial hardship help and advice in Suffolk. - Contact Customer First Social Services. - Healthy sleep tips for children. - Keep well and active. - How adult social care can help. - Protecting people at risk of abuse. - View more. Result actions. Results. SET Saxmundham SchoolWe are hugely ambitious academically for our students; we want them to secure results that will enable them to go on to the worlds best universities and on to careers of significance, influence and service. But we also want them to live lives which areSeaman AvenueSaxmundhamSuffolkIP DZ 33  33. .. 3 Toddler Group - FelixstoweBaby and Toddler group from  -  years.St Mary's Church HallWalton High StreetFelixstoweSuffolkIP DT3 3 3 3

- p - Basic Sciences: Original Investigations Abstract Author Information Respiratory sinus arrhythmia RSA was examined in aerobically trained AT and untrained NT college-aged males during  periods consisting of a 3-min sitting baseline, six common 3-min absolute exercise stages, and five 3-min recovery stages that followed voluntary exhaustion to determine the relationship of work and training status to parasympathetic influence upon the heart. RSA systematically decreased during absolute exercise, was observed at heart rates HR above  beatsmax, calculated for each of the individuals across all  periods, were consistently negative. Between-subjects correlations of RSA with RR and tidal volume were predominantly nonsignificant, indicating that RSA, as measured here, is independent of individual differences in ventilatory activity and, as such,

Looking for apartments in the West Gainesville, Florida area? You've. come to the right place! We are a FREE service for those. looking to rent West Gainesville apartments. We take the hassle out. of your apartment locating experience. Start here to Begin. Your Apartment Search.. Looking. for apartments. for rent can. be a hassle. Finding just the right rental property in West Gainesville. can create a tremendous amount of stress, especially when you. are new in town.. With. hundreds of apartment communities and neighborhoods to choose. from in West West Gainesville apartments are located and they will find. you the best price for your rental needs. Just a reminder that. our service is  free to you!. Our. Service Is Free

Sensitive, high-resolution observations of Galactic neutral hydrogen HI reveal an intricate network of slender linear features. Across the high Galactic latitude sky, this HI is aligned with the magnetic field as traced by both starlight polarization and Planck 33 GHz polarized dust emission. The structure of the neutral interstellar medium is more tightly coupled to the magnetic field than previously known. At high Galactic latitudes, where the Planck data are noise-dominated, the HI data provide an independent constraint on the plane-of-sky magnetic field orientation, and hence the local dust polarization angle. The HI data thus provide a new tool for measuring foregrounds to polarized CMB experiments. I will discuss ongoing work using HI morphology to better constrain the polarized foreground, and to better understand the nature of the magnetized ISM.. Magnetic Fields in the Interstellar Medium. Speaker:. Susan Clark IAS. Abstract:. Date:. Thursday,  September 

Coal putting to sea again - as fuel for coal carrier. Quincy, Mass.  You may not have noticed, but it's been  years since a coal-powered ship was built in the United States. Monitor staff writer Susan Garland reports that coal-stokers will back on the seas in 3, however, when a -foot coal-burning, coal-carrying ship being built here for the New England Electric Company is completed. The $ million vessel is part of an oil-to-coal conversion project involving the ship and three power plants which aims to save  million barrels of oil and $ million a year..

Dmitriy has been managing projects on attracting private and public funding for Ukrainian companies for  years in such areas as IT, agrofood, retail and construction, helping entrepreneurs to evaluate assets, businesses and stakes in negotiations with partners and investors.. Dmitriy's portfolio includes two IPO projects aimed at public offering of shares of Ukrainian agrofood companies on the Warsaw Stock Exchange: from business assessment and preparation of investment proposals to acquisition of shares by foreign investors and preparation of annual reports for the stock exchange.. At present, Dmitriy is primarily engaged in the financial planning for new projects and the creation of business dashboards on monetary and non-monetary indicators.. Holder of CIPA certificate - certified international professional accountant

This is not only an opportunity to invest in infrastructure and lay down the framework for what will be millions of square feet and dozens of buildings, said managing director for Goldman Sachs UIG Margaret Anadu, but do so in a way thats really going to benefit Baltimore residents.

The $ million tax increment funding TIF that Sagamore received last year from the city is cited as a key factor in the UIGs decision to invest. Anadu said the TIF signified the project was supported by the city and displayed strong public-private partnerships

With the approval of the TIF, that said the city and state were behind this, she said. Then you have Sagamore as the quarterbackthey are relentless.

 Article continues below 

A key factor in the collaboration between the private and public sectors was the Community Benefits Agreement CBA signed last year between Sagamore, the city, and SBan organization that represents the South Baltimore communities of Brooklyn, Cherry Hill, Curtis Bay, Lakeland, Mt. Winans, Westport, and Port Covington. The agreement ensures that the communities in South Baltimore continue to thrive culturally, economically, educationally, and socially during the -year redevelopment process of Port Covington.

The $33 million investment will uphold the promise made in the CBA to invest in infrastructureroads, utilities, and parks for the communityduring all phases of the project. Goldman Sachs said they wouldnt play a huge role in the planning process beyond the monetary impact.

We will have a voice in the direction of the project, Anadu said. But we will primarily serve as investors, leaving day to day on-the-ground execution to the Sagamore team.

Plank Industries CEO, Tom Geddes, said the project would bring thousands of new jobs to the city, nearly . million square feet of office and retail space, a -room hotel, and apartments.

Of the 3 acres, a portion will remain untouched during the redevelopment, and that includes Under Armours -acre headquarters, as well as City Garage, Nicks Fish House, Sagamore Spirit Distillery, and the newly opened Rye Street Tavern.

You wont see a lot of activity on the site over the next - months, Geddes says. But there will be a tremendous amount of behind-the-scenes work on planning and design going on getting the site shovel ready.

The prospects of this new investment have Mayor Catherine Pugh optimistic about the new partnership and what it means for the citys residents.

This investment, especially from such a prominent partner as Goldman Sachs, means more jobs, more opportunity and more economic growth for Baltimore City, she said in a statement. Investors are seeing what we already know about Baltimorewere a city on the rise, and an economic hub with a strong, diverse workforce.

This move comes as Sagamore is in the process of drafting a proposal to Amazon to move a second headquarters to the Port Covington development. Last week, the online retail giant released a statement requesting bids for the new location by October . If selected, it would bring , new jobs and a $ billion investment in office space to Baltimore.

We think Port Covington would be a phenomenal location for Amazon, Geddes said. Having the vote of confidence of an institution like Goldman Sachs is nothing but helpful.

Geddes is hopeful that the new partnership represents progress for Port Covington and delivers on the commitment made to bring outside investments to the city.

We could not be happier that we have Goldman Sachs as our partner, Geddes said. It was important to us to find an equity partner that shared our common vision for urban economic growth, job creation, and local workforce development here in Baltimore City.

Aditi Kulkami. TeacherMentor. Dr. Aditi Kulkarni joined Fusion as Science and math teacher. She obtained bachelors and masters in Physics from University of Pune, India and went on to complete Ph D in Biophysics from The Ohio State University. In between all the years she spent on university campuses, she worked at Unilever Research India, Bangalore as a research associate. There she did lots of testing detergents, soaps, teas, salts, and occasional tasting, ice creams! of the products using analytical techniques and instruments. Electron microscope is her favorite till date! She has worked with high school and undergraduate students as a teachertutor and mentor for past  years. When not curled up with a book, she can be found in her kitchen concocting new recipes.

Fourteen normal subjects - y were studied using venous occlusion plethysmography to investigate the characteristics and reproducibility of the forearm vasoconstrictor response following a prolonged venous occlusion stimulus. Upon release of the stimulus, a transient vasodilation is followed by a vasoconstriction. As the stimulus of venous occlusion pressure increased , , , and  mmHg for  min, there was a significant increase in maximum flow p  .. Minimum relative flow minimum divided by control was unchanged except at the highest occlusion pressure . - ., .3 - ., . - ., . - ., p  .. As venous occlusion duration increased 3, , , and  min at  mmHg, there was no significant change in minimum relative flow p  .3. With increasing ambient temperature , 3, and  degrees C, there were no significant changes in maximum or minimum relative flows p  . and ., respectively. Minimum relative flow was not significantly altered following occlusion with a .-cm cuff vs. a -cm cuff p  .. Thus, the vasoconstriction response was reproducible over a range of venous occlusion stimuli and experimental conditions. We conclude that dynamic vascular responsiveness to prolonged venous occlusion can be measured by venous plethysmography and that calculation of the minimum flow relative to control flow is an appropriate and reproducible index of the vasoconstrictor response. Based on our studies and to conveniently measure these changes, we recommend a -cm venous occlusion cuff, with a pressure  or   mmHg, for durations  or   min, in an ambient temperature of 3 degrees C.

Puma Biotechnology NYSE: PBYI is trading more than  percent higher after-hours as news hit that the company released positive top line results from its Phase 3 PB trial in initial treatment for breast cancer.. The trial showed that with treatment, clients showed a 33 percent improvement in disease free survival versus placebo. According to the company website PB.. A list of the 3 studies found for Puma Biotechnology at ClinicalTrials.gov. See more from Benzinga. - Mid-Afternoon Market Update; ISM Revised Twice, CONN Maintains Gains On Earnings Report. - Mid-Day Market Update: MasTec Tumbles On Weak Forecast; Protective Life Shares Spike Higher. - Mid-Morning Market Update: Markets Fall; Conn's Profit Beats Street View.   Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.. - Health Care Industry. - Health. - breast cancer

Published --. Submitted by O-I Glass, Inc... The idea behind GlassGood is that recycling glass is a win-win-win: a win for keeping glass packaging in the manufacturing stream, a win for helping communities recycle and reduce environmental impact, and a win for community support groups who are benefitting from financial donations tied to GlassGood.. A pilot program at O-Is plant in Danville, Virginia, is among the first to test the program as it joins recycling and philanthropy. Glass collection bins are set up around the city. Families drop their glass bottles and jars into the bins, those glass containers are processed and come back to the O-I plant to be created into new glass containers. In the first six weeks of the pilot program at O-I Danville facility over , pounds of recycled glass was collected... Beyond Danville, GlassGood is also being launched at the O-I Toano, Virginia, facility, while O-I is working with..

Club members, here are your choices for club this month. You can make  of these out of your paper packs-to do all 3 you may need to buy a few pieces of card stock from me.. I know Halloween prob is weird for this kit, but my little boy is probably going to be Woody and I thought the colors would be ok for it. Baby cakes kit. Ctmh.

Newly established High Council for the Climate warns government that emissions cuts do not reach the goal of being carbon neutral by ... New York City and Washington state announced green goals to reach by 3. Governments of Washington and New York city announced on Monday they will run completely on carbon neutral power by 3.. The UK made a coal-free record on weekend. The longest continuous period without generating electricity from coal came on Easter weekend and became a record in Britain...  green energy is possible before , according to Finnish uni study. A complete shift to the only.. Norways oil fund  the world largest sovereign wealth fund  goes green. Norways $ tn oil fund is going to invest billions of dollars into wind and solar power projects. The decision came after Saudi Arabias oil fund selling off its last oil and gas assets..

Home  Catalog  Necklaces and Pendants  Charlotte. Charlotte. Charlotte Necklace  Handmade Jewelry. A classy, antique bronze Victorian pocket watch with a carved case design hand painted in aqua and navy blue colors. It is hanged on a long handmade jewelry chain made of Australian Rutilated Quartz, beautiful Madagascar Apatite briolettes and faceted Iolite stones. The handmade necklace ends with a kt gold filled clasp.. The diameter of the watch is . and the length of the chain is . It can be re-sized with no charge if you prefer a different length.. You will receive this handmade jewelry piece gift-boxed.. Price: $.

By car. If you elect to travel by car you must leave it in Lauterbrunnen where there is a multi-storey covered car park. Onward travel to Wengen is by train from the adjacent railway station and the journey time is about  minutes.. By train. International train connections will take you to Interlaken Ost station where you will change to the regional railway, the Bernese Oberlandbahn, for onward travel to Lauterbrunnen and Wengen. The total journey time from Interlaken Ost is about  minutes.. By air. Lauterbrunnen, and Wengen, are reached by train from many international airports in Switzerland. Journey times to Wengen are approximately:. Bern Belp Airport . hours. Basel Euro Airport 3. hours. Geneva Airport . hours. Zrich Kloten Airport 3. hours

E-book. How any size business can supersize results with data visualization. Discover trends and communicate results with data visualization. What can you see and discover when youre able to explore trends and make predictions with your organizations data? With data visualization you can make sense of complex data and visually explore all relevant data  smart, quick and easy., you will learn how six organizations of all types and sizes are using data visualization to improve customer relationships, fight fraud and more. From college administrators to professional sports teams, everyone makes better decisions with easy access to powerful, interactive analytics.. Tell us a little about yourself to get immediate access to the full e-book. .

Transonics ELSA Monitor Featured on PerfWeb. VV ECMO, or veno-venous ECMO, primarily supports lung function. VV ECMO support can be obtained several ways. Commonly, a double lumen cannula is placed in the right internal jugular vien right IJ people will know or two cannulas are used, one residing in the right IJ and another in a femoral vein. The patients condition and age will depend on which option is used.. Recirculation is a known complication of VV ECMO that is oftentimes poorly understood and poorly addressed. To reduce this complication, the ECMO team needs an objective measurement for the optimal placement of dual-site cannulation or single dual-lumen cannulation. Thats where Transonics ELSA monitor comes in.. The ELSA monitor was recently featured on PerfWeb. Learn more about the monitor and how the PerfWeb panel uses it in this episode.

Letha Wilson US, . Valley of Fire Steel Fold, . Impression UV sur mtal, tuyau en acier.  x  x  cm.  x  x  in.  x  x  in. LW. This website uses cookies. This site uses cookies to help make it more useful to you. Please contact us to find out more about our Cookie Policy.

Aricent has partnered with Fujian Sunnada Communication Co., Ltd to develop and offer a comprehensive LTE TDD small cell solution, which has been especially customized for the Chinese market.. Small cells are critical for proliferation of LTE, and TDD is the technology of choice in China said Pratyush Dasgupta, vice president and head of wireless practice, at Aricent. We are very pleased to have partnered with Sunnada to help them jumpstart the development of LTE small cell solutions to cater to the highly lucrative Chinese market.. We are delighted to be foraying into the Chinese market with a cutting-edge small cell solution, said Huang Haifeng, director and vice president at Sunnada. Aricents readily-available LTE software frameworks and expertise in integrating and building the complete solution has helped us create a highly differentiated product, while helping us reduce costs and time-to-market.

Why is it so difficult to legislate on alcohol in Spain?.
Wine belongs to the Mediterranean culture. Drinking alcohol is part of our social life, and its negative consequences have often been minimised, blame being apportioned rather to the individual, who doesn't know how to drink, than to the agent causing the harm. In recent years, road accidents and binge-drinking among young people have put alcohol on the political agenda. Adolescents and young adults have increased their consumption, and a pattern of binge-drinking has developed based on the open-air 'fiesta' nightlife, where groups of young people drink large bottles in the streets and squares botelln. Educational campaigns and material have been mounted and produced, but two consecutive draft laws on measures for the prevention of alcohol-related harm have failed to be approved, coming up on both occasions against the same vested interests. This editorial reviews the ambivalence of society towards regulations on alcohol and the current state of the art. The first draft law  was about preventing alcohol problems in the general population; the second  was limited to the question of prevention among minors. Nobody could oppose it, not even the industry. However, an interested bias put the accent on wine--which allegedly should be considered not as alcohol but rather as food, and consequently removed from the law--so that discussion of the draft law became a 'wine war', with predictable consequences. Once again, a draft law on alcohol was shelved sine die and tossed into a corner to gather dust. WithIn this pessimistic scene, though, there are still some positive signs. No economic or political motives should constitute an obstacle to the protection of minors, at the very least.

News : Dimuth K To Open For Herman Cattaneo. Award winning Dj & Producer Dimuth K will be doing a special warm up set for Herman Cattaneo in March. Heres the scoop for you. In Canada? Support the event by getting your tickets Here. About author. You might also like. RICHY Feat Kaizer Kaiz & Lil Neo  Cricket Sanakeliyak. And heres that single! Its fun, catchy and its all about the gamewe suppose it could be your anthem, check it out already!. Arnon Ray  Hollow. Ad the vocals behind that YES Home Grown Top  hit Magazines is back with this brand new single rough recording.. The Golden Era Of Sinhalese & Tamil Folk-Pop Music. Heres a brilliant bunch of original Sinhala & Tamil music from the s from a compilation by a french record label Akuphone, who specialize in music from eras most are

Glenn, Darby limited; Watkins, Clay sitPosted by on September ,   : pm. Charles Clay and Sammy Watkins headlined the list of players who did not practice Wednesday. Cyrus Kouandjio was a new addition with an ankle injury and also sat out practice. But LT Cordy Glenn and CB Ronald Darby were limited as they get closer to returning to full strength from ankle and hamstring injuries respectively.. Head coach Rex Ryan is hopeful that Glenn and Darbys participation are positive signs for their availability on Sunday. Aaron Williams ankle and Jonathan Meeks foot were new adds among the limited participants.. Tags: Bills injury report. Posted in Inside the Bills

Private Spa Complex, Greenham. A luxurious private spa suite was created in the grounds of a private residence outside Newbury.. The site was originally an orchid farm housing a greenhouse with an extensive underwater tank. Once the tank. Once the tank had been removed we were able to utilise this space as a mini spa and underground gym.. This linear building with crisp detailing and contemporary design, makes a statement in the extensive landscape of the house, and focuses on the beautiful Japanese garden. Careful timber detailing and selection of finishes, together with the black mosaic lined pool create a dramatic statement

The Ukrainian World Congress released the following statement on January .. The Ukrainian World Congress UWC and the global Ukrainian diaspora share the concerns of civil society over some recent processes in Ukraine and several proposed draft laws. The issues which have caused concern specifically include:. . Issue of political justice.  Ukrainian World Congress is troubled by recent reports about the investigation into the sensational murder of Pavlo Sheremet and indications of political persecution of Ukrainian political leaders, including past President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko.

Fitting for this:Add the product directly to your basket by clicking the checkbox

Gothic rivets bra with chains

Impressive bra for fans of black scene

With this unique bra you will draw many admiring glances up Gothic Metal and events such as the Wave Gothic Festival or the Summer Breeze festival in any case! Our Gothic rivets bra with chains you put also equal the boundaries too drunk when fans come up to you.,,

The Gothic rivets bra with chains made of polyester and elasthan and has held true to style in black.The rivets are made of plastic and will not be injury hazard.More worn parts are our Heart Bag Anarchy and Necklace with silver rivets ! Scope of delivery: x Gothic rivets bra with chains

The LEA is run and organized by residents of Second Life, with resources generously donated by Linden Lab. The LEA has an official Linden Lab page and a blog and a full list of current LEA committee members can be found on the LEA website..... Welcome message on the air. Left: Applicators for round 3 Right : Info about LEA. Navigator for  venues.. Core SIMS teleport directory. Noticing. Basic information of LEA.. Raw of teleport guides LEA  to LEA .. Residences SIM info area. Raw of teleport guides LEA  to LEA . Location of  teleporter raw area and welcome area.. MAP navigator of core SIMS below , and residence grant SIMS upper .. LEA theatre.. LEA PhotoHunt.. Exhibition of Arts..  :. 

. Addressing is a big part of the way your company markets itself. Make your business more memorable by helping prospects to recall your brand from the get-go. Market your brand more efficiently by starting off with a memorable and meaningful web address... Forex trading is where the currency of one nation is traded for that of another. If you have been abroad on holiday or business you have already done it. You exchanged your domestic currency for that of the currency of the country you were travelling to.

Palaeoanthropology of the Central Rift Valley. Kilombe mountain from the main site. This project in collaboration with National Museums of Kenya, was funded by the British Academy from 3- and arose from the British Academy centenary project, 'Lucy to Language'.. The project continues as a partnership with the National Museums of Kenya, involving new fieldwork on Kilombe mountain and redevelopment of the Kariandusi Museum.. As part of the project we have produced a guide to Kariandusi Museum:. - Download the Kariandusi online guide pdf. An account of recent archaeological work on and around Kilombe Volcano is given in Gowlett et al. .

Steel matches are great fun, allow for a lot of shooting, and conducted in an easily understood straight forward way. Participants are welcome to draw their firearms from a holster, or start at the low ready. This type of shooting is especially good for the young to inexperienced shooters. You are welcome to use pretty much any caliber you would like. Many shoot a small . LR pistols while others use these matches to practice with other various guns they may own. Watch the video below to get an idea of what to expect from this great sport.

Ok, I am exhausted by this.. I cannot fathom the fact that Shopify fails to show prices with and without VAT properly. Ridiculous. My currency is SEK.. I downloaded Exemptify to display prices in both VAT and without. I added the snippet under the head as instructed.. Then when I look at my cart with a product, the vat prices look distorted. Absolutely ridiculous. Sorry if I sound angry but I am. Customers are not the most intelligent creatures and if they go to the checkout page and find hidden fees I am screwed.. I attached a picture.. I am on the same boat :-. I will be following this topic to see if anyone has an answer.

Gravity Rushs art draws heavily from the Franco-Belgian comic book style bande dessinee from the -s, which is marked by exaggerating elements that the reader should pay the most attention to.. The art style is accompanied by a soundtrack reminiscent of the era, with strong accordion-driven scores. The result is a highly atmospheric game environment that is beautiful as much as it is addictive.

Secure your Household. Your HOME and HOUSEHOLD are an easy target for thieves. but ........together WE CAN FIGHT IT!. .. Benefits of DataDot. - Easy application - microdots can be applied quickly and easily.. - Cost effective.. - Peace of mind - If your valuable or asset is stolen and recovered, its ownership is easily traceable via the secure National Household Asset Register.. How does DataDot work?. - Hundreds of microdots are brushed onto various locations on your valuable items.. - The unique code on each DataDot is then stored on a secure national database known as the National Household Asset Register , which can be accessed by police if your property is stolen.. - The microdots are almost invisible to the naked eye, but can be detected by a UV light and magnifying device.. - It's virtually impossible to locate and remove all the microdots, making it extremely difficult for thieves to sell your property without fear of being caught.. - Warning stickers and a warning board act as a further deterrent to thieves.

Avigilon .C-HA-BO-IR HD bullet camera with self-learning video analytics. Technical Specification. - Make: Avigilon. - Model code: .C-HA-BO-IR. - Chip Inch Size: 3 inch. - Colour Type: Colour  Monochrome. - Resolution:  MP resolution. Key features:  megapixel resolution Patented Advanced Video Pattern Detection and Teach by Example Technology Self-learning video analytics Patented High Definition Stream Management HDSM Technology Wifi camera configuration support Avigilon LightCatcher technology provides exceptional image quality in low light environments Triple Exposure Ultra Wide Dynamic RangeRead more. See comparison of Avigilon .C-HA-BO-IR with similar Avigilon IP cameras. Compare Avigilon .C-HA-BO-IR with IP cameras from other manufacturers. You might be interested in these products. Related Whitepapers. High Definition Stream Management Part : The technical details.  reasons to get physical with access control. Enhancing human attention span with HD analytics

Examines the various legal and philosophical interests that have been characterized as privacy rights by courts and legislators. The course examines the right of privacy in three contexts: constitutionally protected rights of privacy, including the right to be free from government intrusion, the right to personal autonomy in certain intimate decisions and conduct, and the right to control the acquisition and dissemination of personal information about oneself; common law privacy, including the various forms of torts characterized as the right of privacy; and statutory rights to privacy, with a focus on such laws as the Privacy Act of , the Right to Financial Privacy Act of , the Freedom of Information Act and the Electronic Communications Privacy Act of . Student grades will be based upon final examination and class participation.. Log. in to see course announcements

Last weekend I met with my fantastic Core Focus team, and I have an even deeper appreciation for the power of teamwork. We sequestered ourselves in a hotel room with a white board and went to work. The quality of work from four minds is so much better than anything I could come up with . Teamwork!.

The Chief Whip said that the Congress leaders were trying to lead protests, based on lies. The only objective of the Congress party is to tarnish the image of IT Minister K Taraka Rama Rao KTR, who has nothing to do with the incident, he added.. Dalits and Nerella victims are unhappy with the Congress party's efforts to turn a law & order issue into an issue for Vote bank politics, he observed. The Congress's allegations of sand mafia against Minister KTR are laughable, he commented.. During the Congress regime, less than Rs  crores was added to the governement's exchequer, against revenue collected from the supply of sand from the 3 districts of the erstwhile Andhra Pradesh, Eshwar remarked. The sand policy being implemented in the state of Telangana is today, inspiring the nation, he added.. Please submit your comments.

You wont find a nicer, cleaner and well put together home for this price. This newer built split level features 3 bedrooms,  full baths, 3 garage spaces and a beautiful fenced yard. Fantastic backyard with privacy fence, large  deck with built in hot tub and large  car detached garage, a perfect place to store your motorcycle or any of your toys! The open and bright living room opens up to the dining room and kitchen with pantry, tons of storage and new faucets. The lower level family room has a gas fireplace; a great place to relax after a long day. An unfinished room in lower level could be th bedroom or office. Large full basement with tons of storage. The master has its own master bath. A great location, fantastic price and exceptionally cared forput this on your list to see!. See the Virtual Tour at:

Barbara Warner has over  years experience serving on and working with corporate boards, in the private and broader public sectors. She has worked across a broad range of industries including:. financial literacy, credit counselling, construction, environmental law, environmental protection,. fundraising, government services, legal aid services, retail, social justice advocacy, As part of a monthly service plan, or on an hourly fee basis, Barbara can help your Board manage its relationship with Senior Management, funders, stakeholders and government. Barbara routinely advises Boards, individual directors and Senior Management on liability, ethics, privacy, human rights, and executive responsibilities.. Preparing for your next AGM? Contact Barbara for help preparing your materials, revising by-laws and electing new directors.

Fish full life-cycle testing for beta-estradiol on medaka Oryzias latipes.
We studied the chronic effects of beta-estradiol E on the reproductive status of medaka Oryzias latipes over two generations under continuous exposure to assess its hazard on this species. The exposure of parental F medaka to E was begun on embryos within  h postfertilization and continued for up to  d; the assessment endpoints included embryological development, hatching, posthatch survival, growth, sexual differentiation, reproduction, and hepatic vitellogenin VTG levels under flow-through exposure to E at each mean measured concentration of .3, ., ., ., and . ngL. Eggs F spawned from the F fish at , , and  d posthatch were also examined for hatchability, survival after hatching, growth, sexual differentiation, and hepatic VTG level until  d posthatch. In the F medaka, no concentration-related effect of E was observed on hatching, posthatch mortality, and growth. However, we observed abnormal sex differentiation, induction of VTG, and reproductive impairment in a dose-dependent manner. The lowest-observed-effect concentration and no-observed-effect concentration of E for these effects were . and . ngL, respectively. In the F medaka treated with E at  or  . ngL, however, dose-dependent effects were not observed in any parameter. The results indicate that E can have significant effects on reproductive potential of medaka at concentrations as low as . ngL, suggesting that the ecological risk of E is higher than that of weak estrogens, such as nonylphenol and octylphenol.

Welcome

If you are new to our community, looking for a place to fellowship or simply seeking change; we extend our warmest invite and would be so honored to Worship with you at Discipling Ministries. We know that there are numerous services offered in this area and its our sincerest desire that you would find a Church home thats concerned about the TOTAL wellbeing of you and your household.

Our Ministry is a family oriented, COMPLETE Bible teaching assembly with the love of GOD as our cornerstone. We are not bound by the handcuffs of a denominational affiliation or divided by mans doctrine; we simply believe the Bible. We are not concerned about your shortcomings, hick-ups, hang-ups, tattoos, piercings, or attire, only that you desire more of God and we will challenge and assist you to do just that. As a NEW and growing ministry, we understand the difficulty as well as uncertainties with change and therefore BY FAITH and Gods grace were more determined to see the captives set free and situations aligned with the word of God. Our prayer is He continues to show mercy on you and yours as you keep a Pit-Bulls grip on His grace. Know that He loves you and so do we for we are Not concerned about a building, but THE BUILDING OF A PEOPLE!

Description: Herbal chocolate tea made from the shell of the cacao bean.. Review: I admit that I am a huge chocolate fan, so when MiCaco reached out to me and offered to let me try their tisane, I couldnt say no! The tisane is made out of  cacao and is a blend of shell and nibs of the cacao bean.. The dry cacao was earthy and sweet, with a scent of dark chocolate, which became more pronounced when wet. The steeped liquor tasted earthy and fruity, with a lingering chocolate aftertaste. The aroma was sweet and chocolatey.. I could see this tisane tasting really nice with some additives such as milk which would make the liquor creamier. I would love to dry more chocolate teas in the future 3 rating..  comments on MiCacaos Natural Cacao Tea  Tea Review. That is one I definitely need to try!. Im sorry! I thought I replied. I really enjoyed it. 

Limited Edition Ultimate Beer Bong - Blue Top, Grey Tube. Headrush Europe. Sorry, this item was so popular it is now temporarily out of stock.. The Ultimate Beer Bong is a very popular choice, and with a . pint capacity beer bong funnel, you can see why! It is the perfect addition to the party accessories and drinking accessories collection making this beer bong a must.. The Ultimate Beer Bong is  feet long, and is the standard size for our beer bongs. It includes the funnel, tube and valve and is food safe standard. The Ultimate Beer Bong is perfect for stag nights and hen nights.. STAY IN TOUCH

Home Page  Forums  Darwins Ark  Dog Trick Inspiration  Reply To: Dog Trick Inspiration. barbara nelson. Participant. My ACD, Rocky, loves to learn new tricks. We were part of a doggie line dancing group for a while and among other things, he learned to circle around me backwards and bow. To get attention he finds a small blanket, spreads it out and covers up in it. When the grandkids come I give one of them a bandana to hold out of sight, I sneeze and tell Rocky to go find me a hanky. Of course, he gives them all the once over to squeals of delight! until he finds the one with the bandana. When he brings it to me he gets a treat.

Job Information. Jacobs Journeyman Software Developer- TSSCI- Springfield, VA:. Skills & Tasks. Able to follow established processes & checklists. Understands & applies basic concepts, ability to use more advanced concepts. Job Duties. Bachelors degree plus  years experience, Associates degree plus  years experience, or a minimum of  years experience in a related field. Over time, able to provide guidance & direction to others. Clearance Requirements. - TS.

Lipton joins Merrill Lynch to head real estate analytics. Lipton joins from Citadel Investment Group, a large Chicago-based hedge fund, where he was part of the firm's quantitative research team. He will be based in London, working as part of Merrill Lynch's global markets derivatives analytics group with the rank of managing director.. Before joining Citadel in 3, Lipton was an equity derivatives product manager at CSFB. He won Risk's Quant of the Year award in , while working in foreign exchange for Deutsche Bank and has written several technical papers for Risk.. More on People.  days in  seconds. IRB and Esma data, FRTB and hedge funds. The week on Risk.net, May , Receive this by email. Back to Top

- Identities that don't have any links Eg:Application Accounts associated with them are referred to as Stale Identities.. - They have no important references and are of no use to the system.. - Hence, they can be deleted by going to SetUp -- Tasks -- Run Prune Identity Cubes Task.. - These type of identities gets created when the uncorrelated accounts are correlated with the authoritativetrusted identities.. Correlation:. - Finding the authoritativetrusted identity for an account is referred to as Correlation.. - There are two types of correlations available:. - Attribute Based Correlation: Correlating the accounts based on a specific attribute Eg: Email, Username etc.. - Condition Based Correlation: Correlating the accounts based on a specific condition.

Former astronaut and U.S. Senator John Glenn discussed his remarkable career in a conversation with Mark Updegrove, director of the LBJ Library and Museum, on October 3, . Glenn was one of the Original Seven NASA Mercury astronauts and made history as the first American to orbit the earth. Later embarking on a political career, Glenn represented his home state of Ohio as a U.S. Senator from  to , and ran for President in . He returned to space in  aboard the space shuttle Discovery, becoming the oldest person to fly in space. Glenn received a Congressional Space Medal of Honor in , and the Presidential Medal of Freedom in . He was inducted into the Astronaut Hall of Fame in . Humanities Texas cosponsored the event at the LBJ Library.. Video LBJ Library and Museum

Jake Owen was second on the song chart with Don't Think I Can't Love You in second, up two. Rodney Atkins was fourth, up one, with It's America. Jason Aldean's She's Country was fifth, up one.. Rascal Flatts moved up two to sixth with Here Comes Goodbye, while Taylor Swift dropped from second to seventh with White Horse. Brad Paisley's new single, Then, was up 3 to , while Kenny Chesney's Out Last Night jumped from  to .. On the album chart, Swift stayed second with Fearless. Atkins debuted in third with It's America, and Zac Brown Band was fourth with The Foundation. Carrie Underwood remained fifth with Carnival Ride. Eric Church's Carolina slid from  to .. On the overall top , Swift was th, Atkins th, Zac Brown Band th and Underwood 3th.

A York Regional Police officer has been charged with dangerous driving causing death after a pedestrian was struck and killed in Scarborough back in February. Investigators say  year old Natasha Abogado was crossing St Clair Avenue Easy west of Warden when she was struck by an unmarked cruiser being driven eastbound by an on-duty officer. As a result of the investigation, Constable Remo Romano has been charged with one count of dangerous driving causing death. He'll be in court in Toronto on July th. It's been revealed the teen had just gotten off a bus and was crossing the street on her way home from work. Abogado and her family came to Canada from the Philippines in 3 and had an interest in art and the violin. After graduating high school in 3, she was looking to get into either fashion design,architecture or nursing.

Duke Of Kent visits the project. We were honoured to have a special visitor today. The Duke Of Kent took time from his tour of Sheppey this lunchtime, including Queenborough and Eastchurch to join some of the Trustees and other key people on the project for a tour of the site. This was then followed by a tour of Dockyard House and then on to a light lunch at Naval Terrace.. The Duke took some time to speak with students and teacher Paul Murray from Oasis Academy. who have been involved with some reminiscence work for the project.

Description. The Banks Twin Suite is situated on the top floor of the hotel and is characterised by its traditional feel and large roof window room, that offers a fantastic view overlooking West Park. The suite offers the guest exclusive use of the top floor; comprising of two superior double bedrooms. Guests welcome, the comfort of having their own bedroom space, compared to sharing a twin room. Located on the landing, is a shared spacious shower room and an additional toilet facility. Each room is equipped with a  LCD television, hairdryer, tea & coffee making facilities, work desk, separate wash basin, room service and daily housekeeping. The suite facilities make an ideal alternative to a twin room and can accommodate from one to four adults.. Breakfast. Free Wifi.  x Double Bed Rooms with Shared Ensuite

Project management. The ENETRAP II project is co-ordinated by SCKCEN.The project manager is dr. Michle Coeck.. Steering Committee. The project manager is supported by a Steering Committee, consisting of a senior expert with relevant expertise in radiation protection education and training of each Consortium partner. Member list.. Advisory Board. An Advisory Board is foreseen to advise the Steering Committee about the best balance between supply and needs of training, thereby ensuring stable feedback mechanisms to the Steering Committee.. The composition of the Advisory Board is such that all relevant stakeholders, with respect to the stated aim of the project, are represented, i.e. regulatory authorities, international organisations, professional organisations, training providers, research institutes, medicine and industry.. Member list.

3D Bus Finger Family is here to take you toddlers on a long but educational and fun-filled ride through the land of nursery rhymes! They can't stop beeping in delight at the thought of filling themselves with some delighted and energetic preschoolers, and they hope that you are buckled into your seats! There might be some crazy rhymes and children songs along the way, and the Bus Finger Family wouldn't want you to fall out! But don't be so careful that you don't sing the Finger Family rhyme for that would make them feel sad and they might not want to visit your kindergarten school the next time! We don't want that bus rhymes!. . Music and Lyrics: Copyright USP Studios. Video: Copyright USP Studios. 

Cofactor is coming out as an LGBTQ-friendly and environmentally friendly company. 3rd Jul . Today Im announcing a change in Cofactors ways of working. From now on, Cofactor is proud to be both an LGBTQ-friendly and environmentally friendly company. This means we will do our very best, even more than we do already, to accept everyone and to reduce our negative impact on the environment. Im very excited about this and think it will make our training more effective. Many companies are trying to market themselves like this nowadays, and sometimes it can look like greenwashing... Read more.  comments

As global market leader in the fields of design, construction and maintenance of cremators and incineration equipment, Facultatieve Technologies FT did, of course, attend the bi-annual Funraire trade fair in Paris le Bourget from 3 to  November this year.. With its light and spacious stand, FT pulled in the biggest crowds at the Funraire , which celebrated its 3th anniversary this year. At our stand, we informed many customers and interested parties about the latest state-of-the-art technologies and possibilities.

The3 old tree frog used to say that it made him feel better just to see their knees coming toward him.. This tree frog is widespread in the coastal lowlands and in the Tepalcatepec Valley up to elevations of about  meters.. The tree frog was also out, sitting in a cool, damp corner of the grass rows.. If they had but known it, the tree frog at that minute had ten legs, for six and four are ten.. The tree frog said that he remembered perfectly well when the eggs were laid on the wild cherry tree on the edge of the3 meadow.. There were screams of night birds, the long note of the owl, the tree frog beseeching stridently for rain.. You have acted as lazy as the tree frog says boys and girls sometimes do.. The leaves of this tree and especially its saplings, are favorite foraging places for the tree frog.. The tree frog and the eatable frog live in the north of Nippon.. For an answer to this the tree frog ran out his tongue, and, sure enough, it was fastened at the front end.

Bad Boy Bad Boy Wrote:Might I ask, what was wrong with your spine, where, location, and what was done to repair it, like fusion or what? This could make things a lot easier.. If only a discectomy was done, then the rating is fair. If a fusion was done, which you may need soon, because discectomy just removes a piece of the disc and brings the Vertebra's closer together causing pain over again. Then the rating could be slightly higher.

This just in from Pierre Lafond:. Hi,.. Santa Barbara Winery has been in its current location since . We are very excited to have Lafond Winery tasting room coming to town! Customers will have a great view of the actual production. We have a glass door that leads to our bottling warehouse so they will be able to get a view of what goes on behind the scenes!. Cheers!. Michelle Lafond. The big question is, are members of the SB Winery Wine Club going to be able to taste at the LaFond Tasting room?. My SB Winery membership includes free tasting at Lafond Winery on Santa Rosa Rd so I assume that that privilege will extend to the tasting room as well.

Mission and History. Mission Statement. The Environmental Law Alliance Worldwide ELAW helps communities speak out for clean air, clean water, and a healthy planet. We are a global alliance of attorneys, scientists, and other advocates collaborating across borders to build a sustainable, just future.. History protect communities and the environment more effectively. ELAW's founders agreed to collaborate, replicate successful strategies, and learn from each other's experience. They began their cross-border collaboration in the early days of e-mail. As the network of public interest lawyers grew, ELAW became a pioneer in wiring the grassroots. Today, more than 3 public interest advocates from  countries work together through the ELAW network..

Safety Clothes. As you know, in the electronic workshop many dangerous accidents can happen, so the most important things that you should care about are clothes. Its not normal clothes they are special clothes. Coveralls, when you work in the work shop. Coveralls save you from any circuit damage. Gloves, while you using electronic items because they can short your hand, so its important to use them. Shoes, if the ground in the work shop is wet you should wear shoes. Finally, it is a very good idea to protect your eyes by using safety goggles.. Picture Reference

Effective communication is key for delivering great client service and exceptional patient care. And this is especially true in the hectic, chaotic environment of a veterinary practice. Maybe your practice uses email, texting, or a whiteboard to share information and make sure everyones on the same page. In this podcast episode, Randy Hall shares another vehicle for communication  team huddles. He explains four ways huddles can benefit your practice and dispels myths about why huddles might not work in a hospital. He also provides questions to help your team get the most out of each huddle. For more tools and resources to lead your practice to success, visit aspirevet.com.

Latest News. Guest Review So glad we were able to stay for a week in La Palanque. Just seamless, luxurious and stress free especially with a two year that needs all the little extras. Cant recommend enough.. Yoga Retreat Review La Palanque, Eymet France Located in beautiful Dordogne in the south of France, La Palanque is a very special place. It has everything you could dream of. Beautifully renovated medieval gites, m long heated pool, farm-to-table meals, private woodlands, you name it, everything is there for the perfect rejuvenation getaway.

Graded and ungraded adjectives. PreviousNext. The 'intelligent' group. These adjectives indicate a quality that a person has, such as beauty, intelligence, courage, or generosity.. able active aggressive attractive beautiful brave bright brilliant capable careful clever competitive confident conservative conventional cool crazy creative curious decent direct efficient emotional fair fierce friendly generous gentle genuine helpful honest hostile independent intelligent liberal mad modest moral musical pretty professional reasonable responsible romantic sensible sensitive serious silly smart sophisticated strict strong stupid sweet tough violent warm weak wild wise. She has the most beautiful green eyes.. I was very confident, but very calm.. He was incredibly generous with his money.. I find these dogs are extremely intelligent, but you do have to stay one step ahead of them.. She has two small boys who are as mad as monkeys.. It's taken me  years to be able to admit that I'm a deeply sensitive person.

Regulation of osteoclast apoptosis by Bcl- family protein Bim and Caspase-3.
Apopotosis of osteoclasts is regulated by the Bcl- family protein Bim. Bim is degraded in the course of osteoclast apoptosis, which is regulated by Caspase-3. Osteoclasts generated from caspase-3 -- mice exhibited a shorter life span and a higher bone-resorbing activity than those generated from normal littermates. These results suggest the important role of Caspase-3-Bim axis in regulating both apoptosis and activation of osteoclasts.

- Browse by region. - Hypnotherapists in and near Cofton Hackett. Hypnotherapists in and near Cofton Hackett.  results within  miles. Browse our list of  qualified Hypnotherapists in or around Cofton Hackett. Refine by area quit smoking, weight-loss, childbirth and more and view information on fees, availability and contact details.All hypnotherapists comply with our. Dr Elizabeth Croton. NHS GP, Clinical Hypnotherapist, Thought Field Therapy practitioner specialising in anxiety, depression, addictions, trauma and flying phobia. A truly integrated approach......

French Parliament. was written and Roman, or customary common law.. The word Parliament, in the modern meaning of the term, appeared in France in the th century, at the time of the constitutional monarchy of 3, it is never mentioned in any constitutional text until the Constitution of the th Republic in . Before that time reference was made to les Chambres or to each assembly, whatever its name, but never to a generic term as in Britain, its form  unicameral, bicameral, or multicameral  and its functions have. JSTOR: . - Marc Abls, Un ethnologue  l'Assemble. Paris: Odile Jacob, . An anthropological study of the French National Assembly, of its personnel, lawmakers, codes of behaviors and rites.

Microemulsions are thermodynamically stable systems formed spontaneously by gentle mixing of their components: oily vehicle, surfactantcosurfactant, and water.. A pseudoternary phase diagram determines the respective concentrations of the components yielding a microemulsion. Watch our video for more information on how to develop pseudoternary diagrams.. Labrasol is a liquid oil-in-water OW surfactant HLB with excellent solubilizing capacity. It is often used in combination with a cosurfactant such as Plurol Oleique CC  HLB3.. Labrafac Lipophile WL 3 is an oily vehicle with emollient properties.. Our formulators have developed microemulsions for the preparation of pharmaceutical foams using propellant-free devices. Case studies with model drugs show that a foam can easily be produced with a microemulsion-based formulation.. Download our white paper for full details on foams.

Severity of acid gastroesophageal reflux assessed by pH metry: is it associated with respiratory disease?
About  of children with chronic respiratory diseases RD have silent gastroesophageal reflux GER. Our purpose was to evaluate the possibility that RD in patients with GER reflects the presence of more severe acid reflux. We compared the severity of parameters from pH studies in children with chronic RD and silent GER, to children with signs of symptomatic gastrointestinal GI GER with and without RD. This study included 3 children aged  month to  years with abnormal -hr pH monitoring among  patients studied for suspected diagnosis of GER. Patients were divided into three groups. Group  consisted of children with chronic RD but without any GI symptoms of GER. Group  was comprised of children with symptomatic GI presentation of GER such as regurgitation, vomiting, heartburn, and failure to thrive, but without any signs or symptoms of RD. Group 3 included children with prevalent RD and concomitant signs of symptomatic GER. Patients with predominant GI manifestations group  had a significantly higher fraction of time with pH  P  ., total time value of pH  P  ., and longest episode with pH  P  .. Esophageal clearance was significantly longer in group  patients than in the other two groups P  .. Patients with mixed disease group 3 were similar to patients in group . Patients with GI symptoms had significantly worse scores for all parameters evaluated except esophageal clearance score, compared to patients without GI symptoms. Longer esophageal clearance was the only parameter associated with respiratory signs in patients with respiratory symptoms compared to those without. In conclusion, the presence of RD in pediatric patients with silent GER is related to longer esophageal clearance, but is not related to severity of reflux.

BETHLEHEM PA FOOD POISONING. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, approximately  million people suffer from food poisoning each year. Symptoms like fever, abdominal cramping and vomiting are just some of the symptoms people deal with when suffering from food that is poisoned.:. E. coli. Hepatitis A. Listeria. Salmonella. Botulism. If you or a loved one suffered from a Bethlehem PA food poisoning in Lehigh County, it is important to protect your legal rights. Review the  Rules to follow if you are in an accident instructions provided. Then call a Bethlehem PA food poisoning injury lawyer and Bethlehem PA food poisoning attorney who's firm handles Lehigh County food poisoning cases involving serious injuries to innocent victims.. KNAFO LAW OFFICES, LLC.  Tilghman St.. Allentown, PA .  -

On display outside MADAME TUSSAUDS MUSEUM on nd Street is a wax figure of Academy Award-winning American actor MORGAN FREEMAN. Madame Tussauds wax museum is a famous wax museum originally set up by wax sculptor Marie Tussaud in London. Now a major tourist attraction in London, it has expanded with branches in Amsterdam, Berlin, Las Vegas, New York City, Hong Kong, Shanghai and Washington DC, with an additional location scheduled to open in Hollywood in ... Morgan Freeman, Jr. born June , 3 is a remarkable film and stage actor, film director and narrator. He is known for his reserved demeanor and authoritative speaking voice, and is one of Hollywood's most popular and respected actors.

Edinburgh PRWEB UK  February . The Temperley Bridal Iris Collection, the largest to date from Temperley Bridal, introduces new styles and shapes  all in silhouettes that celebrate the female form. The result is a collection of dresses designed for memories to be made in.. Iris introduces  new wedding looks, all characterised by meticulous craftsmanship, fine hand embroidery, beautiful beadwork and delicate laces. In addition to a wide range of gowns, Iris introduces new categories for Temperley Bridal including a full A-line skirt, bridal kaftan, a jumpsuit as well as short, voluminous styles... Temperley have recently launched the Temperley Bridal Grace Candle,current, Baie Rose & Rose. Middle Notes: Iris, Jasmine, Cedarwood & Frangipani. Base Notes: Sandalwood, Musk, Vetiver & Vanilla. Alice Temperley, MBE: .. About Temperley:. Tel:   

Ultrasonic mammography: its importance in integrated diagnosis of breast diseases author's transl.
Sonography of the breast is gaining in importance with the spread of diagnostic methods based on ultrasound in general and the increasing technical perfection of the equipment in particular. Over and above this, the increase in incidence of carcinoma of the breast at an increasingly early age represents a permanent challenge to achieve further optimisation of diagnostic methods. The following conclusions have been arrived at after evaluating 3 ultrasonic examinations of the breast,  of which were verified histologically  carcinomas: . If the indication is precise, sonography possesses a high degree of sensitivity in diagnosing any changes occurring in the breast. . The method offers particular advantages in patients with manifest signs having a dense parenchyma; in fact, with such patients sonography is often superior to mammography. 3. The additional use of sonography in diagnosis of diseases of the breast improves the results and often facilitates a less aggressive procedure insofar as biopsies can be omitted. The main drawbacks are the great amount of time required for performing the examination, and the problem of documentation. This has been the major obstacle to using sonography in screening. The article discusses the indications, the typical sonographic criteria and problems of differential diagnosis in relation to the most frequently encountered diseases of the breast.

Lemon Chicken. Ingredients. Preparation steps. Rinse chicken, pat dry and cut into eight serving pieces. Finely grate zest of one lemon. Peel one clove garlic and press through a garlic press into a bowl. Mix in lemon zest,  tablespoon olive oil, and oregano. Season with salt and pepper. Rub chicken pieces with mixture. Heat remaining oil and butter in a roasting pan. Preheat oven to C approximately F. Place chicken pieces, skin side down, in roasting pan. Roast  minutes.. Cut remaining lemon into wedges and squeeze juice. Turn chicken pieces and drizzle with lemon juice. Add lemon wedges to the pan, along with wine and stock. Reduce oven temperature to C approximately F and roast 3 minutes more, turning chicken pieces several times. Five minutes before the end of the baking time, add olives. Serve chicken sprinkled with parsley.

Touch the Soil News 3 Feature photo  Powell River Edible Garden Tour  courtesy of Powell River Food Security Project.. The small town of Powell River, along the west coast of British Columbia, Canada is the center of a metro area of around , people. Yet, the community is concerned about food security and food sovereignty. Every year, the community hosts an and edible garden tour. This year is their th. You can read the full story here:

Furniture. Furniture. A piece of furniture serves two parameters  function and aesthetics within a given space. The furniture contains values of human need, it can be a human gesture, storage function or any experience dependent on the tenant and his various needs. The furniture creates a dialogue with itself as an object or sculpture in space and with furniture adjacent to it. The furniture creates a dialogue with itself as an object or sculpture in space and with furniture adjacent to it. The furniture gets a visual meaning since beyond its being a function, most of the daytime meets an aesthetic visual need.. The furniture is an object whose design is timeless and is not trendy and the thought of integrating it into space combines long-term thought. We combine three different furniture systems, which vary in size: furniture that is planned in detail by us, furniture that is purchased as new and existing furniture, which contains a dimension of obsolescence and other time.

Ow the media did the country no favors for their works in inciting a race war. Good job.. I'm going out on a limb and suggesting that this sort of behavior is going to get much much worse in the coming months, and when it does it will be everywhere. This wasn't a savage beating in Chicago or North East DC; it was in frickin Mobile Alabama. All cities have their rough spots, but the hatred of man is going to start pouring out from every crack and crevice, so be prepared in your daily life.

REUTERS. Wednesday,  June 3 3: PM. LONDON -- Defending champion Roger Federer's remarkable run of reaching 3 consecutive grand slam quarter-finals or better was ended in a shock second-round Wimbledon defeat by unheralded Ukrainian Sergiy Stakhovsky on Wednesday. left, right and centre to bring Federer to his knees and condemn the Swiss to his earliest Wimbledon exit since a first-round loss in.

Script are not enabled. Orange County. Department of Education. Department of. Education. The vision of OC Pathways is to facilitate the collaboration among schools, colleges, regional businesses, and community partners to ensure that Orange County students are ready for college and career success.. We want to connect you to other educators so we can approach this mission together: to equip students for college and career success.. If you are interested in obtaining a CTE credential through the Orange County Department of Education, please refer to the CTE credential program page here.. Looking for a teacher in a specific Industry Sector?. Click below on the career sector!. Get connected, collaborate, and share resources! Transportation. If you are a CTE teacher and would like to network, receive tools and resources, and be added to an Industry Sector listserv above, please fill out this Google Form and submit your information!

AMD Threadripper 3rd Generation. AMD continues to impress with its new Desktop processor Threadripper third-generation CPU which is indeed an improvement on its predecessor.. What makes it a better performer than its nd gen predecessor?. The major difference between the two generations is the allocation of the memory controller. Previous gen processor allocated memory controller to certain memory die only. This resulted in the memory die without a memory controller to take an entire cycle in CPU to reach the ones with it.. Third Generation Threadripper has improved upon it by making a single IO die which would have all the chiplets connected to. IO die has PCX, memory access, SATA connection, and many more. Contrary to its predecessor, every chiplet can now access the memory directly and can contain  or  cores.

BEEDAZZLED STORY vigilant attention to fine detail.. Our products are produced from the finest natural ingredients for their healing qualities as well as enjoyment value and are created with love.. BeeDazzled is nestled in the gently rolling hills of Benzie County, and is surrounded by our gardens. You can sit awhile on the porch where the air is astir with the contented drone of happy honey bees industriously gathering nextar and pollen from the herbs, flowers, and vegetables growing all around. We also feature an observation hive where you can observe the bees dancing and all the other hive activities.. Come inside the shop and you may observe us as we dip or pour our hand made candles or create our wonderfully fragrant soaps.. All of our products are perfect for gift giving, family celebrations, and meditating. Also highly recommended for romantic interludes.

Laser Microdissection Leica LMD Software.. Key Features. Additional Modules. AVC Automated Cell Recognition for pattern recognition and Database for automated image storage.. Overview images for optimal orientation and navigation. Optimal orientation and easy navigation.. Full control of all laser settings to adjust it to any kind of sample. Adjustment to any kind of sample. Any sizes or shapes can be collected in parallel.. Different cutting modes and drawing tools. Draw  Cut as standard application, Draw  Scan for ablation from glass and Move  Cut for direct real-time laser application e.g. in combination with a PEN-screentouch-screen. Intuitive LMD Software. - Workflow based and time saving. - Direct guiding of the laserbeam. - Complete microscope control. - Complete laser control. - Hugely useful add-on packages like database, automated cell recognition AVC, 

Stay safe and only attend an organised fireworks display is the message from Cleveland Fire Brigade for  November celebrations.. Steve Johnson, Area Manager, Prevention and Protection, said: We want everyone to enjoy themselves and it is much safer to leave the handling of fireworks to the experts. Going to an organised display, on a secure and cordoned off site keeps you well away from danger and possible injury. Many have music, food and other entertainment to add to the fun.. Our Local Authorities and community groups invest resources to put on excellent, safe and enjoyable events. We are asking everyone to please follow our advice to enjoy the celebrations in safety.. Organised displays are being held across Cleveland and Cleveland Fire Brigade have pulled together a list of events on their website:

Daily soft skills podcast from Success Training Institute  By DL Wallace. We regularly and routinely wash our clothes, cars and of course our bodies. However, it is not often that we think of washing our minds. With all the negativity our brains are exposed to each day, we can all agree our brains need a bath! By actively washing our minds we can empower our teams, achieve new goals and create better futures for ourselves and those around us..

. Weather Alert. Flash Flood Warning issued July  at :PM CDT expiring July  at 3:AM CDT in effect for: Daviess, Knox, Sullivan. The program manager for the YouthBuild Program for the Evansville Housing Authority who is also a retired fire chief in Evansville will be the keynote speaker at the Black History Committee's celebration of Martin Luther King Jr.'s birthday.. George R. Flowers Sr., 3, will speak at the  p.m. event on Sunday, Jan. , at Little Canaan Missionary Baptist Church,  S. Alvasia St.. He is also a deacon at Seventh Street Baptist Church in Henderson. He and his wife, Alma D. Ray Flowers, have three children, six grandchildren and three great-grandchildren.. Need Help? Call us at --3-.. Monday-Friday: am-pm  Saturday: am-am  Sunday: am-Noon

Q:

How to allow acces to a symbolic link in my Sites for Apache under Mac OS X Lion ..

I need allow access to a sym-linked directory within Sites from my Apache.
I Symlinked the directories like this
ln -s pathtothesourcedirectory Sitessource-link-here

Now whenever I fire up a GET request I get a 3 reply
curl http:localhostusernamesource-link-here
!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC -IETFDTD HTML .EN
htmlhead
title3 Forbiddentitle
headbody
hForbiddenh
pYou don't have permission to access usernamesource-link-here
on this server.p
...

How can I tell Apache to allow acces to the symlinked directory and how do I tell Apache
to allow this only for requests fired from localhost.
Any help is greatly appreciated.
Best regards
robertj

A:

Here is a blog post I wrote when I was trying to figure out how to do exactly what you are trying to do.

Enable Web Sharing on the MAC by going to System Prefrences  Sharing  Check Enable Web Sharing
Edit your username.conf file located in privateetcapacheusers and add the FollowSymLinks directive:
Directory UsersyourUserNameSites
    Options Indexes MultiViews FollowSymLinks
    AllowOverride None
    Order allow,deny
    Allow from all
Directory

Edit the privateetcapachehttpd.conf file and make sure the line under  Virtual hosts is not commented out, like so:
Include privateetcapacheextrahttpd-vhosts.conf

Edit the privateetcapacheextrahttpd-vhosts.conf file and add:
VirtualHost :  
    Directory UsersyourUserNameSitesMyWebSite.com
        Options FollowSymlinks SymLinksIfOwnerMatch
        AllowOverride All
    Directory
  DocumentRoot UsersyourUserNameSitesMyWebSite
  ServerName MyWebSite.local
VirtualHost

Edit the etchosts file and add this at the top:
... MyWebSite.local

Make a Symlink to link your Code directory to one in the Sites directory.
ln -s CodeMyWebSite SitesMyWebSite

Restart apache



A good vocabulary is a hallmark of a well-educated person. It's also a key to success on standardized achievement tests such as the SAT and ACT. But developing a good vocabulary does not have to be a boring process of rote memorization. That's why the Homeschool Buyers Co-op is pleased to extend our GroupBuy for a teacherstudent license to Words and Their Stories formerly known as Get A Clue, an award-winning, interactive vocabulary curriculum from FableVision.. Fun & Effective Vocabulary Instruction. For decades, vocabulary study has relied on memorization and recall. However, these methods can be tedious and ineffective.. At Signature Co-op GroupBuy Savings. The Words and Their Stories Classroom subscription retails for $. However, by joining this GroupBuy, you can get a Classroom subscription for one teacher and one student for only $3 -- a 3 SAVINGS!!. Interested? Here's What You Do:. Note: You must still enter. Credit Card. info below for Service Fees, Sales Tax, and Shipping, if applicable.

Are your family trips an exercise in pleasure or comfort? Behavior economics guru Dan Ariely notes that there's a vivid difference between the two... and it may mean the difference between a fantastic vacation and...

People with disabilities shouldn't have to try and pass as able in the workplace, says writer and comedian Maysoon Zayid. But the sad reality is that America's largest minority remains invisible throughout popular...

You've Heard of OCD, But Do You Really Understa...You've Heard of OCD, But Do You Really Understand It? :: Big Thinkers on Mental Health

The Suicide Rate is Going Up. Heres What We Ca...The Suicide Rate is Going Up. Heres What We Can Do to Stop it.

Big Think and the Mental Health Channel are proud to launch Big Thinkers on Mental Health, a new series dedicated to open discussion of anxiety, depression, and the many other psychological disorders that affect millions worldwide.

Present at the Creation: Planetary Resources, the Silicon Valley of Space

While it has been the cause of significant buzz, relatively little has been known about the company Planetary Resources other than the names of its A-list founders and backers that include James Cameron, Google's Eric Schmidt, Sergey Brin and Larry Page and Peter Diamandis, founder of the X Prize.

It's an impressive group, and that is why investor Ross Perot Jr. was not alone in his sentiment when he said I believe in the team - betting on the jockey, not the horse.

Planetary Resources promises to be a fast horse as well. The company plans to send a fleet of droids to space to prospect the most valuable near-Earth asteroids. The project, which will require billions of investment dollars, could yield a trillion dollar reward, as precious metals exist in almost infinite quantities in space.

We learned a great deal more about the company yesterday at a public unveiling at the Museum of Flight in Seattle where the founders of Planetary Resources outlined their plan to add tens of billions of dollars to the GDP annually.

Since my early teenage years, I've wanted to be an asteroid miner, said founding member Peter Diamandis. Now, the vision of my colleagues makes that dream not only a reality, but something we need to do.

Here's what Planetary Resources has done, and what they plan to do down the road.

The company has set up shop in Bellevue, WA, and currently employees two dozen engineers. We're starting the Silicon Valley of space up here in Seattle, the founders announced. Indeed, part of the purpose of the public unveiling was to get the word out, as the company says it is looking to find the world's best engineers.

Not only can small groups of people change the world, it's the only thing that ever has.

If that statement has been true throughout history, Diamandis says a few important developments have enabled this specific innovation. These are:

Exponentially-growing technology is enabling small corporations using lower-cost robotics and spacecraft to do what only governments could do before.

Commercial space flight has finally arrived

Risk-tolerant investors like Elon Musk and Richard Branson have been willing to invest in space.

What this will enable Planetary Resources to do is bring the solar system within our area of economic influence said co-founder Eric Anderson. In other words, near-Earth asteroids in our solar system hold two enormously valuable resources in great abundance. These are:

Water: H is for drinking, of course, but also for propulsion. This resource will allow Planetary Resources to drastically reduce the cost of space exploration and open up space gas stations to support mining missions that will open up the road to deep space exploration.

Precious metals: Metals like platinum are useful in all sorts of industrial applications - from microelectronics to medical devices to catalytic converters.

So the founders of Planetary Resources clearly have their eyes on the prize -- but which prize precisely remains the question. There are nearly , discovered near-Earth asteroids to choose from, which represent  percent of the asteroids we believe to exist.

So the company plans to zero in on the specific asteroids they want to target, study the rotation rate, potential, and necessary support resources.

While they aren't afraid to dream big, the founders of Planetary Resources admit there's a significant probability that we could fail, but we believe that the attempt is worth it. Indeed, they plan to live and learn from their failures, said Chris Lewicki, President & Chief Engineer of Planetary Resources.

While the task is indeed difficult, the founders pointed out that companies like Shell and others have created fully robotic cities on the bottom of the ocean to drill for oil. This looks easy by comparison.

And what about the timeline? While the founders said we come from the Burt Rutan school of not giving out timelines, Peter Diamandis did offer this explanation: We aim to identify the first asteroids to prospect within the decade.

The command outputs in the following sections are examples only; actual displays may differ depending on supported functionality and user configuration.. This command displays the Boot Option File BOF executed on last system boot or on the specified device.. If no device is specified, the BOF used in the last system boot displays. If the BOF has been modified since the system boot, a message displays.. This command displays boot messages generated during the last system boot.. The following output is an example of boot-messages.

Monday, Aug , , :3 am a milder form of austerity, but theyre reliant on forces to get elected that are staunchly anti-austerity. The cuts that they are able to force through end up undermining the very social base that elected them in the first instance. They do want less of these cuts than the center-right and they are more open to using the state to stimulate growth, but they are structurally constrained by new economic realities and, tasked with the burden of governance, are forced to act responsibly and maintain stable conditions for accumulation and private investment..

Say goodbye to stubby lashes and say hello to unbelievably real length and volume!. Our D Silk Fiber Eyelash Mascara can boost your lash that will look like never before! Moreover, this Eyelash Mascara provides volume, separation, and length for eyelashes.Shop Plus Centers Shop Plus Center Silk Fiber Eyelash Mascara.. Purchase Shop Plus Centers D Silk Fiber Eyelash Mascara

Broward Deputies Vote No Confidence On Sheriff Israel

Broward Deputies Vote No Confidence On Sheriff Israel

The deputies of Broward County have issued a stunning rebuke of Sheriff Scott Israel by voting no confidence in his leadership.

The deputies voted no confidence by a 3- margin and will ask Florida Governor Rick Scott to remove Israel from his position.

Sheriff Israel has faced intense scrutiny for the way he handled the shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in February.

Deputy Scot Peterson, the school resource officer on duty at the time of the shooting, waited outside when it was clear what was going on inside the school. It was later revealed that even after additional deputies arrived on scene, they waited behind their cars instead of entering the school and trying to eliminate the threat. The deputies were reportedly given an order to stand down. RELATED: Broward County Sheriff Denies Mishandling Shooting Response

Add something to cart :. Powering the creative world.. The worlds best imaging and graphic design software is at the core of just about every creative project, from photo editing and compositing to digital painting, animation, and graphic design. And now you can harness the power of Photoshop across desktop and iPad to create wherever inspiration strikes.. Everyday photography. Totally transformed.. Our professional photography tools make it easy to do everyday edits or total image transformations across desktop and iPad. Crop, remove objects, retouch, and combine photos. Play with color and effects. And reimagine the art of photography. Everyday photography. Totally transformed. Design is in our DNA.. Posters, packaging, banners, websites.. Official site

Both 3 numbers and  numbers are described as inbound services hosted on an inbound network. Other networks include outbound, mobile, satellite, Voip etc.. Both 3 numbers and  numbers are described as Virtual Inbound Numbers because they 'piggy-back' other network services such as landline, mobile, Voip, VoiceEmail, FaxEmail, Live Answer etc..

The message that I am spreading through my piece of artwork is that it is important to follow the safety guidelines. I drew a mask that encompasses the three messages of keeping  feet distance, of washing hands regularly, and of waring a mask. Through my art, I want to reinforce the idea that it is important to take care of ourselves and reduce the risk of infection by wearing a mask. A mask is our current medicine, and I want to remind people through my art that we can reduce the risk of getting infected and instead stay healthy by wearing a mask, washing our hands, and maintaining social distance. Together, we can create change by following these guidelines.

here are resume writing cost best affordable resume writing services how much does a professional resume writing service cost.. naukri resume writing cost top service at low monster,resume writing services en cheap  image  research paper naukri price how much does a professional service cost,naukri resume writing price how much does a professional service cost services essays about economic growth pros and workshop,professional resume writing federal service cost average,executive resume writing service cost writer writers how much does a professional naukri price,monster resume writing cost naukri price service the ladders com services how much does a professional,monster resume writing service writers review can i naukri cost how much does a professional,naukri resume writing cost service professional sample resumes,naukri resume writing price services cost of average monster,average resume writing cost professional service services monster.

Governor is coming to Seymour Johnson AFB. By Kenneth Fine. Published in News on December ,  : PM. News-Argus file photo. Then-Lt. Gov. Bev Perdue looks skyward at the  Wings Over Wayne air show on Seymour Johnson Air Force Base. Gov. Perdue will hold a press conference Friday on the Goldsboro base.. Gov. Bev Perdue will visit Seymour Johnson Air Force Base Friday morning, officials from the th Fighter Wing confirmed late Wednesday.. No detail on the reason for her stop has been released, however, the governor is expected to hold a press conference at :3 a.m.. Perdue is no stranger to the Goldsboro base.. In , the then-lieutenant governor was a distinguished guest at the Wings Over Wayne air show and has spoken often about her support of the military -- particularly during the Base Realignment and Closure Commission process.. For complete coverage of Perdue's stint in Goldsboro, follow the News-Argus in print and on the Web.

Farman F.

NOTOC

The Farman F. was a heavy bomber aircraft developed in France in the late s. It was essentially an attempt by Farman Aviation Works to modernise its tremendously successful F. Goliath design of the immediately postwar years. The most noticeable external difference was the larger tailfin of the new aircraft. Like its predecessor, it was a large three-bay biplane of conventional configuration with unstaggered wings of equal span. Initially conceived as a heavy night bomber, most examples built were float-equipped torpedo bombers for the Aronautique Maritime, which operated some  of the F. variant and  of the F.. One of the original F. night bombers was exported to Italy, and one to Japan. Plans to develop airliner versions did not progress past the prototype stage.

Variants
F. Four-seat night bomber with two  Farman We engines, designated F. BN. by Aviation Militaire.
F. One airliner with x  Gnome-Rhne Akx engines and one bomber similar to the F., powered by x  Farman Wers engines.
F. One prototype airliner with x  Gnome-Rhne Akx engines.
F.3 Airliner with x  Gnome-Rhne Aa engines.
F. Seaplane torpedo bomber with x Gnome-Rhne A  or Aa engines.
F. x  Salmson Ab engines.
F. Seaplane torpedo bomber with x  Gnome-Rhne Aa engines.
F. Seaplane torpedo bomber with Gnome-Rhne Akx engines; main production version,  built.
F. Improved airliner version with Gnome-Rhne Akx engines.
F. One F. fitted with x supercharged  Salmson  Abs engines.
F. One F. fitted with floats and modified wings as a sesquiplane seaplane.
F.3 One F. re-engined with x  Gnome-Rhne Kbrs engines.

Operators

French Navy

one aircraft only.

One aircraft only.

Royal Romanian Air Force

Specifications F.

References

External links

 

Category:s French bomber aircraft
F.

Your partner in navigating the murky waters of Commercial & Civil litigation. DARREN HANEKOMFOUNDER. BSoc Sci UCT, LLB UWC. The firm was founded by its sole-proprietor Darren Hanekom with the view of providing clients with accessible specialized litigation services. Darren has gained valuable experience working on various high profile matters both locally and abroad. Some of the matters which Darren has worked on include the representation of Judges, governmental agencies, and assisting in the settlement of an international criminal and environmental law dispute for close to a billion Rand.. Darren enjoys assisting clients in matters such as immigration and refugee law. Where families are concerned, the firm is also equipped in dealing with uncontested and contested divorce proceedings.. Qualifications: Bsoc Sci UCT, LLB UWC. Admitted Attorney with Right of Appearance in the High Court of South Africa. Duly registered with the Legal Practice Counsel: Western Cape Office. Practice No: F3

Service Alternatives Training Catalog.. Please find the training courses you need within this category below.. Dependable Strengths Articulation Process DSAP. An interactive training which increases a person's self-esteem, motivation to achieve, and responsible behavior.. Learn More about Dependable Strengths Articulation Process DSAP.... Noble Purpose: Igniting Extraordinary Passion Through Life and Work. An intensive training for highly reflective individuals seeking extraordinary possibility in life and work.. Learn More about Noble Purpose: Igniting Extraordinary Passion......

?xml version. encodingUTF-?
!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC -W3CDTD XHTML . StrictEN http:www.w3.orgTRxhtmlDTDxhtml-strict.dtd
html xmlnshttp:www.w3.orgxhtml xml:langen langen
head profilehttp:selenium-ide.openqa.orgprofilestest-case
meta http-equivContent-Type contenttexthtml; charsetUTF- 
link relselenium.base hrefhttp:vicapritraining.co.uk 
titleTC3title
head
body
table cellpadding cellspacing border
thead
trtd rowspan colspan3TC3tdtr
theadtbody
tr
tdopentd
tdtd
tdtd
tr
tr
tdclicktd
tdidSubscribeIndexTexttd
tdtd
tr
tr
tdverifyTexttd
tdidSubscribeIndexTexttd
tdtd
tr
tr
tdclicktd
tdcssdiv.features-four &gt; center.pfuuxkyunfigbonruwdltywq.nnkhxkzoruusadxvqeozmfybtd
tdtd
tr
tr
tdverifyTexttd
tdcssbutton.btn-subscribetd
tdSubmittd
tr
tr
tdverifyTexttd
tdahtd
tdCourse fees and registrationtd
tr
tr
tdassertTexttd
tddiv3divahtd
tdCourse datestd
tr
tr
tdclicktd
tdcssdiv.clearfix &gt; htd
tdtd
tr
tr
tdverifyTexttd
tdcssdiv.clearfix &gt; htd
tdSAP Training in Londontd
tr
tr
tdclicktd
tdcssdiv.clearfix &gt; ptd
tdtd
tr
tr
tdverifyTexttd
tdcssdiv.clearfix &gt; ptd
tdThe benefit of being with Vicapri is our location. We based in the centre of London, the hub of the business world. Here you will have access to some of the worlds largest organizations on your doorstep. Our training centre is conveniently based near Underground lines, along with being close to the Capitals famous landmarks. Training in London is as exciting as it sounds!td
tr

tbodytable
body
html


News List. The City of Charlottetown, in partnership with Tree Canada, FedEx, and Desbrisay Community Gardens, held a free workshop on edible trees and permaculture techniques on Saturday, June .Adam MacLean, co-creator of the Legacy Community Garden, led the workshop that explored how to create a diverse edible landscape that incorporates fruit and nut trees, berry bushes and perennials into a lower maintenance, edible landscape using applied ecology and permaculture design.. -3-Photo Cutline: From left; Beth Hoar, City of Charlottetown Parkland Conservationist; Karen Murchision, P.Ag Research Coordinator; Adam MacLean, workshop instructor; and, Bruce Smith, Tree Canada, helped plant edible trees in Desbrisay Park at the City of Charlottetowns recent Edible Trees workshop.. Media contact:. Alicia PackwoodCommunications AssistantCity of Charlottetown--apackwoodcharlottetown.ca. City Hall. Visiting Charlottetown. Living in Charlottetown. Doing Business

Wedding and special event decor. Touch of Elegance, Llc  Ohio, Illinois.  Pembury Place. Ohio, Illinois 33. Sponsored Link. 333. Offering you wedding altarnatives. Price Range: $.  discount on decor rentals excluding linens, tables, tents and chairs for mentioning our ad.. We are a full service wedding and special event planning, decorating, coordinating and rental company. We have decor, linens, tables, tents, chairs and anything else you might need for your event!. Listings Related to Wedding and special event decor. Sponsored Link.

H. Clay Earles

Henry Clay Earles August , 3  November ,  was the founder and chairman of the board of Martinsville Speedway, a NASCAR stock car racing track that Earles built in  in Ridgeway, Virginia that was one of the circuit's first paved oval tracks and stands as one of its shortest.

Born in Axton, Virginia on August , 3, Earles started making money as a five-year-old, selling unwanted leaves from his father's tobacco farm. Initially educated in a one-room schoolhouse, he dropped out of school so that he could help support his family with the  cents he earned each hour at a furniture factory.

His first business venture was a failed pool hall, but a gas station was successful and its profits helped pay for a drive-in restaurant in Martinsville, Virginia. The restaurant was sold to buy another gas station. Having seen the crowds attracted by car racing at temporary tracks at fairgrounds, he built a track on  of land he had purchased in . The first scheduled race, predating the establishment of NASCAR, took place on September , , drawing more than , spectators at a facility that only had  seats; Seating capacity had grown to , by the time of Earles' death. In its inaugural year, Bill France, Sr. provided the track with advertising and drivers in exchange for one-fourth of profits, and became the founding president of NASCAR when it was incorporated the next year. Martinsville Speedway is the only one of NASCAR's original tracks still in use.

Red Byron was awarded a $ prize for winning the inaugural race at the track, which had grown to $, by . Earles began a tradition in  of distributing grandfather clocks to race winners, with Richard Petty receiving a track-record of , and would have received three more for wins that predated the inception of the practice.

The track measures  around, with a pair of  straightaways and tight turns banked at  degrees, described as two dragstrips with tight turns. The track was first paved in . Unlike the superspeedways, Martinsville became a track where the skill and strategy of each individual driver could overcome the big money and horsepower of the larger teams.

Earles died at age  on November ,  at his Martinsville home.

References

Category:NASCAR people
Category:People from Henry County, Virginia
Category:3 births
Category: deaths
Category:People from Martinsville, Virginia

Wednesday, January , 

SIDEBAR: Strub recounts how he took activism to the streets, and the Church

by Chuck Colbert

One need not be Roman Catholic to understand that Sean Strubs new book Body Counts is in no small measure fueled partly by his faith. From the very beginning, Strub calls out the Church and its hierarchical leadership on many fronts, everything from hypocrisy to hostility, as the AIDS epidemic continues to wreak havoc on gay men and others.

The preface, for example, recounts AIDS Coalition to Unleash Powers ACT UP liturgical disruption, staged on Sunday, Dec. ,  at New Yorks St. Patricks Cathedral, arguably a major power center of American Catholicism. Inside, Strub was among the protestors.

Indeed, crashing then-Cardinal John OConnors Sunday Mass was controversial, if not the most controversial of ACT UPs activism.

After Mass, I pass through the cathedrals heavy doors into bright sunlight, and it seems to me into the arms of my true community, Strub wrote. I am exultant, in a state that feels like grace, certain that if I am to die of AIDS, I will die a fighter.

In chapter , Strubs sharpened quill reminds readers that OConnor condemned LGBT activism, opposed anti-discrimination statutes, called homosexuality an intrinsic evil, at the same time he prevented groups of gay Irish-Americans from participating in the annual St. Patricks Day parade and kicked Dignity, the gay Catholic group, out of all facilities controlled by the archdiocese, where they had celebrated Mass for many years.

Strub recalled how New York Citys cardinal archbishop banned church-run hospitals from distributing condoms or discussing safe sex with patients, even as staff nurses, doctors and nuns widely ignored his directive.

Most egregious perhaps, OConnor funded a disinformation campaign, claiming on billboards, buses and subways that condoms dont work, by citing discredited statistics that suggested a  percent failure rate or greater. The cardinal even opposed condom use between two partners when one was known to be HIV positive.

At the same time, Strub wrote, OConnor took every opportunity to boast the Churchs compassion toward people with AIDS who were dying in church-run hospices. His hypocrisy was galling; most of the world hated gay people when we were healthy and sexually active but accepted us as dying AIDS victims.

The last straw for Strub and others was the cardinals blocking safer-sex education via condom use in New York City schools. We knew we had to do something, Strub wrote, explaining in part ACT UPs decision to disrupt Mass.

During a recent telephone interview, Stub, who for a short time thought he had a calling to the priesthood, spoke of his Irish Catholic upbringing. I certainly grew up in a Catholic environment, he said, noting his fathers devotion to the Blessed Virgin. Nuns raised his mother, an orphan.

And yet Strub acquired skepticism about the Church, growing up in Iowa City, Iowa, a college town where he was exposed to a lot of different kinds of values and perspectives, he said. Just as Strub absorbed Catholicisms social justice tradition, so he learned the you-will-do-as-we-are-told aspect of the Church, he said.

When I came out in the late s, that started a fissure with the Church that only grew over time, as the epidemic only exacerbated the rift. With the death of his partner Michael in , Strub said, I went into a kind of hyperactive activist overdrive.

The cover of Body Counts features a picture of Strub and then-partner Michael Misove.

Strub also discussed the historical significance of taking AIDS activism to a nerve center of the Catholic Church in America. Undoubtedly controversial, Strub always favored the St. Patricks Cathedral protest. If one scans the list of who got arrested  Strub was not  half inside and half outside, he said, the preponderance of those inside were culturally Catholic with Irish, Italian, and Polish surnames. That explains what drove a lot of the action. A lot of those arrested grew up in the Church and still felt some right, some piece of ownership that we could take our redress to the Church. For me, it was the culmination of a years mourning.

For all the controversy, opposition and risk, ACT UP decided to go ahead with the protest. We did it anyway because it was so important, said Strub, noting, from historical hindsight, its historical significance: December  was  years after Stonewall. While Stonewall was the first time the gay community kind of really fought back against the civil code that oppressed us, and it was landmark, opening up a floodgate of a whole generation protesting the civil code.

By comparison, Strub continued, The action at St. Pats was the first time we did that against the religious and moral code. We did the unthinkable and took it to their turf. And I think that also opened up the floodgates. Right about then marked a peak moment of influence for the Catholic Church in America. It has declined ever since not just because of that action. It was the sex scandals and all that.

Sure enough, he said, We took Church leaders down a peg, and they never recovered in terms of their political influence. In a sense, that St. Pats action ranks up there with Stonewall in terms of importance.

No comments:

Post a Comment

About Press Pass Q

Rivendell Media publishes Press Pass Q, the only trade publication for professionals working in LGBT media. Now published in blog format, Press Pass Q includes news and commentary about issues and trends in the LGBT media industry.

Monosaccharide Derivatives with Low-Nanomolar Lectin Affinity and High Selectivity Based on Combined Fluorine-Amide, Phenyl-Arginine, Sulfur-, and Halogen Bond Interactions.
The design of small and high-affinity lectin inhibitors remains a major challenge because the natural ligand binding sites of lectin are often shallow and have polar character. Herein we report that derivatizing galactose with un-natural structural elements that form multiple non-natural lectin-ligand interactions orthogonal multipolar fluorine-amide, phenyl-arginine, sulfur-, and halogen bond can provide inhibitors with extraordinary affinity low nanomolar for the model lectin, galectin-3, which is more than five orders of magnitude higher than the parent galactose; moreover, is selective over other galectins.

Innovative system perfected and developed by Lainer Suspension Racing.. For Front Forks SHOWA  mm:. - CRF  . The Progressive Damping System- PDS- is a valve that allows to control the oil outside the cartridge as needed.. - In this new model its been added an upper valve to control the oil flow in the compression phase with four different positions.. - In the lower valve based on the position of the outer ring  positions available, it increases or decreases the oil flow from the bottom to the top of the fork, determining more stiffness especially at the end stroke.. - Its included the spring preload on the top part of the device.. This system allows to maintain a more comfortable hydraulic setting avoiding the bottoming.. Made in Italy.

Blog Crush  Portuguese Daily Reads II. .. Comments: . I'm sure all of you have already heard about Choies. Choies is an online store with an huge diversity of items and if this store is so much known and appreciated it's because there are lots of reasons for that happen. As I said, the offer is huge and the prices are very appealing. Besides, there you can find some familiar and wanted pieces.. I made a selection of some of the items I'd like to see in my closet. I was inspired by hot summer days and I searched versatile pieces that can be used in an beautiful afternoon or in a walk with friends, but also in party at night and even at work.. Black, white and prints to bring some joy! So, tell me: What's your favorite?

In a recent lecture on the exercise of political power, David R. Young claimed that although much attention is paid to the physical and intellectual dimensions of the exercise of political power, little or none is paid today to the emotional, nonrational or spiritual dimension. And yet, argued Young, it is the spiritual character of the individual human being as a whole . . .. The Century's work relies primarily on subscriptions and donations. Thank you for supporting nonprofit journalism.. Support us by buying books:

Player Paraphernalia  Old School Samurai. Player Paraphernalia  Old School Samurai. Player Paraphernalia : Old School Samurai. This issue introduces a new samurai archetype based on the old school samurai. This archetype is built on the abilities of the original samurai class found in the grand father of fantasy RPGs. The old school samurai is the master of katana and wakizashi, horse, and arts.. Turning off backgrounds for a Printer Friendly Version. This issue does support Adobe layers which can be used to turn off the background images to make it easier for printing.

Opportunity and risk report. DEUTZ AG is integrated into the risk management system of the DEUTZ Group. As a head-office function, risk management for the Group is performed by DEUTZ AG. Information about the structuring and mechanics of the risk management system and of risk management with regard to financial instruments can be found in our notes.. Because DEUTZ AG is closely integrated with the other Group companies, its risk and opportunities situation is essentially the same as that of the Group. Risks arising from subsidiaries may have an effect on DEUTZ AG because of the carrying amount of an equity investment, reduced dividend payments and the internal business relations. The risks and opportunities associated with the DEUTZ Group are described in this combined management report.. Information about DEUTZ AGs internal accounting-related control system and about risk management with regard to the use of financial instruments at DEUTZ AG can be found in this combined management report.

Abstract. To achieve very high data rates  bitss in optical data storage systems it is necessary to employ a large number of laser beams for parallel readwriteerase operations. Bringing all these beams to diffraction-limited focus with a high-numerical-aperture objective lens while maintaining focus and tracking requires techniques that are fundamentally different from those that are currently practiced in the field of optical data storage. We present two possible solutions to the problem of designing an objective lens for such systems, one involving an array of high-quality lenslets and the other based on a single, high-numerical-aperture annular-field-of-view conventional lens. Both approaches have advantages and disadvantages, on which we elaborate in the course of our discussions..   Optical Society of AmericaFull Article  PDF Article

 is from page book II, chapter 3 of G.H. von Bergs Handbuch des teutschen Policeyrechtes -; Ive not read this book, but found this quotation from it on page 3 of F.A. Hayeks  volume, The Constitution of Liberty:. How can there be a definite limit to the supreme power if an infinite general happiness, left to its judgment, is to be its aim? Are the princes to be the fathers of the people, however great be the danger that they will also become its despots?

Small businesses require cost-effective yet scalable networking solutions that can meet changing business needs. The Cisco SRW -Port Gigabit Switch brings Gigabit speeds to your users and servers, while increasing the intelligence and security of the network infrastructure. The forty-eight  Mbps ports enable you to take advantage of the Gigabit Ethernet interfaces shipping in the current generation of servers, workstations, and storage devices, in addition to supporting your existing  Mbps clients.Network security is a top priority in any size business. Most business data networks, large and small, are unsecure. Unauthorized access to the network and mission-critical data is a constant concern. The Cisco SRW helps secure the network by using .X port authentication, access control lists ACLs, and MAC addresses port locking. The .X standard requires clients to authenticate themselves before the port will pass data for them.Businesses are recognizing the benefits of voice over IP VoIP and are quickly migrating their voice services to IP-based platforms, requiring their local area networks to support both voice and data applications. In unmanaged IP networks, bursty data sessions can disrupt voice packet delivery, causing poor voice quality. With the enhanced QoS and traffic management features in the Cisco SRW, voice data can be prioritized, helping ensure clear and reliable voice communications.Taking advantage of the advanced features of the Cisco SRW can further secure the integrity of your network. The WebView interface provides an intuitive, highly secure management interface, enabling you to better utilize the comprehensive feature set of the switch for a better-optimized, more secure network.

My Account

Mission: Confidence with every click
Effortless-Service-Professional! Based on these 3 factors we offer our customers satisfaction and confidence in their purchases. From the very beginning we invested in the design of our website , thus creating a very simple, fast and efficient means of web browsing. We have also managed to earn our trust and respect from both our customers and our suppliersmanufacturers, thus giving us a very reliable and trustworthy name in the European market of electronic trading.

Abstract. This paper analyses the changing nature of relationships between adults and young people. Adopting aspects of the work of Frank Furedi, the question of the socialisation of children is addressed. It is argued that the problematisation of behaviour, coupled with the development of new state and institutional processes, has led to a growing spread of professional and contractual involvement in everyday life. This is something that relates to and is accelerated by the emergence of micro-politics and micro-social policy over the last few decades. This colonisation of the lifeworld, it is argued, is increasingly formalising informal relationships and undermining spontaneous relationships between adults and young people. It also distorts the nature of professions and the relationships developed between them and young people. The real relationships between adults and young people are consequently being undermined and replaced by an ersatz form of socialisation.

The sun is out, my taxes are done and I am in a pair of jeans I couldn't get into last week. Ladies, I am in a good mood, and since it's Reader Appreciation Day, I really want to spread the happy cheer around. So whatever you're doing right now that's not blog-related, I want you to stop. Just stop. And think of three things you're happy about.... They can be big things I'm healthy! I love my boyfriend! or little things There's a good song on my iPod right now! My nail polish color is the best thing ever! but they just have to be things that make you smile when you think about them. Once you've got 'em, leave 'em below. Then we'll have one long list of happiness. Doesn't that sound lovely?. OK, go!. Nothing come to mind? How about gazing at these cute chicks? If they don't lift your mood, I give up.. Related: Five foods to boost your mood. More Ways to Get Glamour. You could win $, just for registering for or logging in to Glamour.com!. Add Glamour to your iGoogle homepage.

Psychiatric disorders and general medical conditions: implications for the clinician.
Patients with severe mental illness have higher than expected prevalence rates of co-morbid general medical conditions, particularly metabolic and cardiovascular disease. They are also at increased risk of contracting HIV. Conversely, these and other medical disorders also increase the risk of developing mental disorders. Mental illness and general medical conditions have mutually adverse effects on long-term outcome. This interaction of diseases contributes significantly to the excess morbidity in and higher than expected standard mortality ratios for patients with mental illness. As medical practice becomes more specialized and arguably compartmentalized it may increasingly fail to integrate health care for patients with severe mental illness. In this paper we discuss the high co-morbidity of mental illness with other medical disorders as well some of the potential mechanisms involved. We furthermore argue that the bidirectional relationship between mental and medical disorders should be considered in the planning of treatment for either group of disorders. The central role of the psychiatrist in co-ordinating and integrating the health care of patients with severe mental illness is emphasized.

In order to improve viewing angle dependency of  characteristics of a liquid crystal display device e.g. prevent excess brightness etc. of a screen, there have been proposed liquid crystal display devices based on a pixel-division system, see Patent Literature  for example for controlling a plurality of sub-pixels in one pixel so that the plurality of sub-pixels have different luminances and displaying a halftone by area coverage modulation of these sub-pixels.
FIG.  is a schematic view showing an example of a pixel structure of a liquid crystal display device  of Patent Literature . The liquid crystal display device  includes a scanning signal line  and a data signal line 3 that are provided on a glass substrate  and a pixel  provided in the vicinity of an intersection of the two signal lines. The pixel  consists of two sub-pixels a and b. The two sub-pixels a and b include transistors a and b and pixel electrodes a and b connected with the transistors a and b, respectively, and the pixel electrodes a and b form capacitors retention capacitors a and b with retention capacitor lines a and b, respectively. Although not shown, the pixel electrodes a and b are designed such that a liquid crystal material liquid crystal layer is sandwiched between the glass substrate  and a common electrode counter electrode on a surface of a substrate color filter substrate.
FIG.  is a drawing showing an electrically equivalent circuit corresponding to the pixel structure shown in FIG.  of the liquid crystal display device . The pixel electrodes a and b shown in FIG.  correspond to points a and b shown in FIG. , respectively, and form liquid crystal capacitors a and b, respectively, with a common electrode .
In the above configuration, different signals are supplied to the retention capacitor lines a and b, respectively. This allows differentiating potentials pixel potentials of the pixel electrodes a and b from each other.

Article Text. Abstract. Suppression scotomas and retinal projection retinal correspondence were measured in six intermittent exotropes during deviation. Measurements used red-green anaglyph stimuli presented on a black background which could be varied from 3. minutes of arc to 3 degrees '. Results showed non-suppression of all points between the fovea and the diplopia point. Harmonious anomalous retinal correspondence was usually observed. Two subjects had spontaneous changes from anomalous retinal correspondence to normal retinal correspondence without a concurrent change in ocular position. Conventional testing resulted in more variable results in regard to retinal correspondence and suppression, suggesting that non-suppression and anomalous retinal correspondence occur when black backgrounds are used.

Government Benefits Available to Arkansas Citizens

ARKids First provides health insurance coverage for more than , Arkansas children who otherwise might have gone without.
ARKids First has expanded and will now offer two coverage options. ARKids A offers low income families a comprehensive p...

Head Start is a Federal program that promotes the school readiness of children from birth to age five from low-income families by enhancing their cognitive, social, and emotional development. Head Start programs provide a learning environment that su...

The Home Energy Assistance Program helps low-income households with home energy costs by administering Regular Assistance and Crisis Intervention Programs. Each program provides financial assistance to eligible households with a one-time per year pay...

Medicaid is a program that helps pay for medically necessary medical services for needy and low-income persons. It uses state and Federal government money. The Department of Human Services DHS runs the Medicaid program in Arkansas. Medicaid and Med...

The Arkansas School Breakfast and Lunch Program is available to public and private nonprofit schools and residential childcare institutions serving children of high school age and younger. Residential childcare institutions must be licensed and opera...

The Arkansas Special Milk Program provides milk to children in schools, childcare institutions and eligible camps that do not participate in other Federal child nutrition meal service programs. Schools that participate in the National School Lunch or...

The Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children WIC provides supplemental foods, nutrition education and referrals to health care, at no cost, to low-income pregnant, breastfeeding and postpartum women, infants, and chil...

The Arkansas Summer Food Service Program SFSP provides nutritious meals and snacks to children during the summer months. This Federally funded food service program helps children who live in eligible areas receive the same high quality meals during...

The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program SNAP helps people with low income get the food they need for good health. SNAP benefits are used in place of cash to buy food. Most people must spend some cash along with their SNAP benefits to buy enou...

The Transitional Employment Assistance TEA program helps economically needy families with children under the age of  become more responsible for the support of their families. The TEA program is Arkansas' welfare reform program under the Federal ...

The Weatherization Assistance Program WAP is the nation's largest residential energy efficiency program. Its mission is to insulate the dwellings of low-income persons particularly the elderly, persons with disabilities, families with children, hi...

In this varied and exciting role you will be instrumental to making sure the shops is at the hub of the local community, with you acting as the face of NCBI Retail. The ideal candidate will have the ability to drive sales and achieve income targets, as well as recruit, train, motivate and manage a volunteer team experience in retail and good customer service skills, along with the ability to work under pressure and prioritise a changing workload. Essential attributes for the role.. Please apply in writing with a cover letter and CV to: NCBI Retail. Unit T, Toughers Business Park, Newhall, Naas, Co. Kildare or email: patricia.kennyncbi.ie. Closing Date for Friday th August . Candidates must be eligible to work in the EEAIreland

PLAY. GRILLOGRAPHY FOR RIMI.. SUMMER  BBQ. In Norway, summer  BBQ season. Or Grill season, as we say here. The competition between the grocery chains is fierce and everyone spends big amounts on marketing. As the smaller fish in this pond, Rimi had to be smarter and more unique. Therefore, we decided to create something that was relevant, unique and usable; Rimis own typography based on meat, fish, fruit & vegetables.. A unique, handcrafted and grilled typography. CARVED BY HAND. Each letter was meticulously carved by hand, and carefully grilled to perfection. We photographed each and every object before placing them on the grill, and after. We then close cropped them and ended up with the files that made the typography.

includes:. Certified Bookkeeper. Microsoft Excel  Certification Training.. What you will learn. How you will benefit. Requirements:. Hardware Requirements:. Software Requirements:. Instructional Material Requirements:. The instructional materials required for this course are included in enrollment. The AIPB provides the six workbooks that are required for this course:. In addition to the six workbooks listed above, you will also..

JavaScript Animation Examples. The UIZE JavaScript Framework includes scores of excellent examples to get you started. This index lists 33 JavaScript animation. Bars For Data Comparison See an example that uses bar widgets to create a dynamic bar chart to compare nutritional data for fruits, with slick JavaScript animation effects. Basic HTML Swap See a demo of the HTML swapper widget, which provides a JavaScript animation transition effect when swapping out the HTML that the widget displays.! Deck Swapper See a demo of the deck swapper widget, which provides a JavaScript animation transition effect when swapping from one item in the deck to another.. Mantle Slideshow .. Tabbed Interface With Fade Everyone's seen a basic tabbed interface. Why not add some pizazz to your tabs with a JavaScript animation cross-fade effect! This demo shows you how..

Each Intelligent Light Engine has a built-in on-board computer  as well as sensors and wireless mesh networking capabilities that share key information across the system.. The Intelligent Light Engines form a Smart Light Grid  a lighting network  that enables all fixtures in the system to communicate with each other, respond to a neighboring fixture's state andor system-wide programming, and provide usage and occupancy data to the Light Rules management system.

So is this a safety thing, or protecting views of the Superbowl for the NFL?. Remember when photography competitions were about photography???. I hadn't considered that. Very good point. Most of the photography competitions are won by pulling heart strings or re-inforcing some bias people learned from spending too much time on social.... I wasn't expecting that level of quality creativity. Amazing Pics!!!

Hello, Ive recently unlocked my Dark Iron Dwarf Heritage Armor and Im struggling to find a few suitable skins for my back, weapon and helm.. You can see the current ones Im using in my profile.. Im currently working on getting Charbreath Firecloak from Blackrock Foundry, looks like a good close match.. I would like to find a pair of goggles as helm and a bow or gun as weapon.. Any ideas?

Take cover under a financial umbrella It's always a good idea to build up savings for unexpected expenses and setbacks. Planning ahead can make it easier to cope with these events. Use this calculator to determine how much savings you'll need should an emergency occur, and also how much you'll need to cover essential costs if your source of income is interrupted. With this information, you can put together a plan based on your current savings, monthly savings and the number of months you want to take to build your rainy day fund.

Seafood for your Valentine?. Valentines day is not far off, and while iPhones and iPads and Macs are all great, you and your valentine need something to eat!. Im picky about my seafood, see my notes on SeafoodByNet.com from New Years.. I like to write out-of-band stuff once in a while, so check out my articles over at diglloyd.com on other stuff Ive liked, such as cold weather clothing, lights, health and reading.

Southern University System. News & Media. SUSLA energy camp scheduled June 3- - Monday, May , 3. Southern University Shreveport will host Energy Camp Louisiana June 3-, 3, at the main campus.. The camp is open to all Caddo parish high school students.. The camp is designed to teach high school students about the different types of energy, energy conservation, and efficiency as well as energy-related careers. During the week-long camp, students participate in hands-on experiments, energy discussions, interactive computer games, and win prizes for best in class team efforts.. Schedule is :3 a.m.- p.m., Monday-Thursday and :3 a.m.-:3 p.m., Friday. Space is limited. There is a $ non-refundable registration fee. Lunch and limited transportation is provided.. For more information call 3.. or click. here. .. Download the camp application. here. .

Effect of Wnt inhibitors in pancreatic cancer.
Activated Wnt signaling in cancer cells leads to cell proliferation. It has been shown that the Wnt pathway is activated in pancreatic adenocarcinoma cells. Therefore, we tested the effect of Wnt inhibitors in human and murine pancreatic cancer cell lines. The Wnt inhibitors ethacrynic acid EA, ciclopirox olamine CIC, piroctone olamine PO and griseofulvin GF were tested in murine and human pancreatic cancer cell lines with the 3-,-dimethylthiazol-yl-,-diphenyltetrazolium bromide MTT assay. We showed that the Wnt inhibitors significantly reduced cell viability in murine, as well as human pancreatic cancer cell lines. These results may lead to a new therapeutic option with Wnt inhibitors for patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma.

Motives and health-related behaviours: an investigation of equipotentiality and equifinality.
We investigated the phenomena of equipotentiality one dispositional motive expressed through more than one behaviour and equifinality one behaviour serving more than one motive. In a cross-sectional survey,  young adults completed measures of sun-related behaviour and risky sexual behaviour, participatory motives for the behaviours and life goals representing dispositional motives. Equipotentiality was demonstrated, in that power and diversity life goals each predicted more than one behaviour. Equifinality was demonstrated, in that sun exposure and risky sexual behaviour were each predicted by more than one life goal. Participatory motives mediated these relationships. Equipotentiality and equifinality need to be taken into account in health promotion.

Keeping it real.... Portrait sessions require effort. You spend hours finding the right photographer, carefully selecting the perfect wardrobe, securing a dreamy location, and carefully considering every small detail that contributes to making your session a success. Once our time together is over, you leave excited about the experience, anxious to see the final product.... All to toss a few on the 'gram and toss a USB into a drawer?. NAH.. Keeping it chill.... I'm not the photographer that will leave you with digitals and run. A print maintains an undeniable quality that a digital file can never possess. Your investment deserves the full-experience. To say we live in a digital age is a gross understatement considering the time has already come where computers no longer have CD drives, and soon will no longer have USB slots ;  Then CDs and USBs will live forever in a drawer next to your floppy disk of vacation photos from '. Need help figuring out what's missing on your walls?. No worries, we got you..

BoroCat. Building on our core competencies in materials science and surface chemistry, BASFs BoroCat offers excellent performance and flexibility for refiners requiring maximum conversion from a higher nickel resid feed.. BoroCat is the first catalyst offering from our novel technology platform BBT Boron Based Technology. BBT uses the chemistry of boron to provide maximum metals passivation for significantly lower hydrogen and coke yields. BASF's BoroCat combines the novel use of boron with high zeolite content and optimized porosity. The porosity is tailored to provide reduced mass transfer limitation, leading to more effective zeolite utilization and less over cracking to coke and gas with severe resid feeds. The result is a catalyst for resid feed applications that has high tolerance to metals for the lowest hydrogen and coke yields. BoroCat gives high conversion, high gasoline and LCO Light Cycle Oil yields, and minimum bottoms yield..

Edinburgh Apps. I was a judge for the Edinburgh apps today. . The event offered teams the opportunity, working with Council and partner data, to provide fresh ideas and solutions to help improve the lives of those living, working and visiting the city. Ultimately, it aimed to support the Strategic Objective where Edinburgh is a thriving, successful and sustainable capital city where opportunity and equality are promoted and supported.

Yooka-Laylee: How to Find and Beat Rampo. In. To help give you an advantage in your fight against. Where to Find. Rampo To find. On the ramp, youll find various hazards including flames and. How to Beat. Rampo Once youve tracked down The Great. To successfully beat. Stage One. During the first stage of the. After reaching the top of the ramp, youll need to jump one final time to get over the raised platform. Next, get close to. Stage Two. Stage two of our battle against. After reaching the top, youll be tasked with the same mission as the first stage. Avoid the flames pouring out of. Stage Three. Last but certainly not least, stage three of the duel against. Its important that you stay frozen in place, assume the rolling position, then continue to jump and move forward at the same time to avoid the logs. After reaching the top, youll do the exact same thing you did in the previous two stages.. Avoid the fire that. By following this guide, you should now know where to find

Manifesting isn't something we should have to think about all the time or micromanage. It's literally WHO WE ARE Watch the video below to see how over time, we can make manifestation second nature and an effortless process.. Find your happy place. Simara James is a mother of two, mindfulness coach and consultant, author, podcast host and flexible work expert looking to improve the lives of women across the globe by sharing tips to creating more balance and design a live that's full of fulfillment.. Our Recent Posts

Need more list flexibility?. Join HEB.com today to start managing multiple shopping lists and sharing wish lists with friends and family. See All Items On This List. The name Akoma represents heart in the traditional Adinkra symbols of West Africa, where cocoa beans for this chocolate are grown.. Ingredients Cacao Beans Fair Trade Certified by FairtradeUSA.org, Sugar Fair Trade Certified by FairtradeUSA.org, Sunflower Lecithin and Real Vanilla.. Serving Size. 3. piecesg. Serving Per Container 3.

Developing academic leaders in Geriatric Psychiatry with clinicaleducational and research expertise is a national priority. This proposal is designed to developed the nominee's capability as an independent researcher and resource person in geriatric psychiatry at MCVVCU. Specifically, the nominee plans to: a pursue additional training in statistics and epidemiological research methods; b pursue research supervision from senior faculty at the university and external experts in geriatric psychiatry; c develop research programs expanding clinical understanding of aggressive behavior in Alzheimer's Disease patients; and d establish a network of research at MCVVCU to promote collaborative research in geriatric mental health.

As one of high speeding techniques of image display in an information display control system, there is a technique of using an atlas image also referred to as a texture atlas in which a plurality of images are unified into one image. Since the plurality of images can be taken out of one texture atlas, the texture atlas is created in advance, whereby a number of readout times of image files is reduced, and a readout time of image data can be shortened.
In an event of creating the texture atlas, it is a challenge to determine how to efficiently arrange the plurality of images, which are different from one another in size, on the texture atlas. In usual, since the images for use in the information display control system are rectangular, this challenge can be handled as a rectangle packing problem in which rectangles are arranged on a two-dimensional surface with a fixed area without overlapping one another. A variety of approximate methods are known with regard to the rectangle packing problem. For example, the Best-fit method proposed in following Non-Patent Literature  is an algorithm that repeatedly packs rectangles which can use gaps to the maximum.

Inhibition of aflatoxin B-induced gamma-glutamyltranspeptidase positive GGT hepatic preneoplastic foci and tumors by low protein diets: evidence that altered GGT foci indicate neoplastic potential.
Previous studies in this laboratory with young Fischer 3 male rats have shown that the post-initiation development of aflatoxin B AFB-induced gamma-glutamyltranspeptidase positive GGT hepatic foci was markedly inhibited by low protein feeding, even though the energy intake was greater. This dietary effect, however, did not necessarily apply to hepatic tumor development. Thus, the present investigation was undertaken to examine this dietary effect upon the development of hepatic tumors and, is so doing, to determine the correlation of foci development with tumor development. Following AFB dosing  daily doses of .3 mgkg each, animals were fed diets containing ,  or  casein ., ., . protein for , , ,  and  weeks. Foci at  weeks and tumors at ,  and  weeks developed dose-dependently to protein intake. Foci development, tumor incidence, tumor size and the number of tumors per animal were markedly reduced while the time to tumor emergence was increased with low protein feeding. Non-hepatic tumor incidence also was lower in the animals fed the lowest protein diet. Foci development indices foci number, per cent liver volume occupied were highly correlated with tumor incidence at  and  weeks r  .-.. Tumor and foci inhibition occurred in spite of the greater energy intake.

Chinese Menu Favourites. Set of 3. Year: . Country: Australia. This set of  has 3 different backs for each Tazo. The lucky numbers were initially thought to be a way to tell the Tazos apart i.e.  is the highest lucky number, so the thought was that it would be a set of , but this has been found to be untrue, and, if sorting Tazos based on their Lucky Numbers, then many gaps will appear in the set. There has, however been found to be only the 3 variations per Tazo, making a complete set of only 3.

Bunny. Hehim. As a dustbunny that can speak, understand and read human languages, Bunny is an anomaly amongst his kind. He's also a grumpy loner with a massive ego and a figurative thorn in his side. All he wants to do is stay in his tree and read his small collection of books in solitude. He doesn't want anything to do with anybody; according to him, a genius like himself doesn't need anyone.. Flowers: Mixed Zinnias.

Personal Information on Students Slip from Teachers PC onto Internet

Personal information relating to around , students slipped onto the net when a high school teacher in Ichinomiya, Aichi Prefecture, used file-sharing software on his computer that stored the records, the prefecture's board of education said on June 3, .

According to assumptions, the information leaked due to a virus in file-swapping program from a computer located in the residence of the 3-year old teacher employed at Ichinomiya Technical Upper Secondary School.

The teacher said that apart from the students' information, his PC also had the list of ASDF Association of Synchronous Data Formats officers who retired from service. His mother had asked him to compile it. She was attached to the Self-Defense Forces, the board of education said, as reported by The Japan Times on July , .

The board also reported that the divulged data included records on students of two different schools where the teacher worked. That comprised of -years records of , students from his current school and -years records of , students form his previous school. The information consisted of students' names, birth dates, parents' names and grades.

The exact number of students affected due to the leak is not known as some of the records were in duplicates, the board said. The leak consisted of around , pieces of information. Personal information relating to personnel of the Air Self -Defense Force's Gifu Air Base in Kakamigahara, Gifu Prefecture, was also leaked from the teacher's computer. The leaked data included rolls of retired staff and everything about the events that took place at the base.

The education board said the leaked information was actually internal data saved since the academic year  at the Technical Upper Secondary School and a high school where the teacher had worked earlier. The information collected was for the purpose of assisting students in choosing their careers. Therefore, it included students' names, careers they wished, academic results, technical school and university entrance exam results, and character evaluations.

The Board said there were no reports of misuse of data so far. But it will apologize to students and their parents and will take action against the teacher.

Office Hours:. Monday-Thursday :3-:3. Friday :-3:. Tel:  3-3. Timber Operation in East Texas. We are a buyer of standing timber and timber land in Texas and Western Louisiana. Over our thirty years of experience we have developed a strong network of markets and suppliers that enable us to not only pay top price for timber, but get the product to market in a timely manner.. At H&H Timber Co. Inc., we have a strong commitment to responsible work operations and business practices that benefit the landowner, the supplier, and the environment.. References can be provided upon request.. Timber Co. Inc.,. H&H

Gold Panda Shares New Standalone Single. 'Transactional Relationship' is out now via City Slang.. Gold Panda has dropped a new standalone single, titled Transactional Relationship, available worldwide via City Slang.. The new track was made using a sample from Hilary Woods track Sever, taken from her  album for Sacred Bones, Colt.. I made the track at home, Gold Panda explains. .. Transactional Relationship is the first new music from Gold Panda, real name Derwin Schlecker, since . Hes since launched Selling, a collaborative project with Jas Shaw of Simian Mobile Disco, and also released a full record of house and hip-hop influenced tracks as DJ Jenifa. More Gold Panda music is expected to come soon.. Transactional Relationship is out now via City Slang, with a stream below.

Democratic leaders are scrambling after a hashtag went viral on Twitter by fed-up Democrats that are walking away from the party. Former Dem loyalists are tired of the far-left rhetoric and alt-left violence  and thats trouble for House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and company come November.

The Walkaway movement was started by a registered Democrat that decided to walk away from liberalism after deciding that the party was taking advantage of its own racial, sexual, and religious minorities in America.

The campaign quickly caught on with social media users sharing their own walk away stories.

Sponsored: Heres how Hillary Clinton could LEGALLY steal your money

Actor James Woods joined in on the movement sharing his story behind leaving the Democratic party.

I was a registered Democrat for the greater portion of my voting life. The Clintons cinched it for me. I was an Independent through the Bush years. Obama was an eight year blank. The hatred and violence the Democrats now promote convince me I was right to WalkAway, he tweeted.

I was a registered Democrat for the greater portion of my voting life. The Clintons cinched it for me. I was an Independent through the Bush years. Obama was an eight year blank. The hatred and violence the Democrats now promote convince me I was right to WalkAway  James Woods RealJamesWoods June , 

Several other Americans shared why they walked away from liberalism on Twitter 

Breaking: A revolutionary cancer cure sponsored

Once you WalkAway youll never look at the Democrat Party the same again. I was a x Obama voter, the hysterics & dramatics of minutia on a daily basis spouted by the left pushed me center and eventually the MSM tipped the scale to the right. I will never vote democrat again.  ???????? LittleMsOpinion June , 

walkaway. Im walking away from a party that loves to bring up problems, but offers no solutions. In fact; they end up metastasizing the problems. I wont be a part of a so called movement of inclusion that excludes logical people and ideals.  Deon Joseph Ofcrdeonjoseph June , 

I decided to WalkAway when I saw the DNC  Dems engaging in OBVIOUS double standards. It's ok if Obama  Dems do it, but if Republicans or Trump does the same thing then they cry and say the sky is falling.  Wrong Think TwtterScks June , 

Threatening Baron Trump.

Harassing women in restaurants & theaters.

Maxine Waters calling for people to stalk and harass Trump supporters.

Yelling F Trump at Award Show

All this in the past weeks.

This is why Democrats are leaving the party. Check out WalkAway ????????MorningJoe  FeistyFL FeistyFL June , 

Do THIS after you brush your teeth to fall asleep in minutes sponsored

The list of Americans walking away from the Democratic party continues to grow every day  and leaders like Pelosi are to blame.

We pray that this campaign continues to grow and that more, and more Americans open their eyes to the reality that Democrats are bringing nothing to the table.

The Horn editorial team

Hi, I just recently started looking at HTML and noticed the video tag. Neat addition. I also noticed that it as an attribute named 'pixelratio', however, as you know this is never an integer, but rather is the result of a fraction i.e. ratio. As for proper playback of video frames, it is important to understand exact float and therefore I would suggest either expressing it as a ratio of two 3-bit integers separated by a colon or slash or use two different attributes. This avoids unintentional rounding. Something roughly along the lines of: video pixelratio: !--  composite NTSC -- video pixelratio: !--  composite PAL -- video pixelratio: !-- x3 HDTV SMPTE RP - -- video parhSpacing parvSpacing Container formats tend to store this information in a ratio like this and not in a float. Best, -- Sander van Zoest sander at vanzoest.com San Diego, CA, USA -------------- next part -------------- An HTML attachment was scrubbed... URL: 

Birthday Felicitations New Delhi India. Birthday Felicitations. New Delhi India,  March . Hindi to English translation. What can I say on my own birthday? The unexpected has taken place. Today so many Sahaja yogis are here in Delhi. What can be a better birthday than this for a Mother? You all have achieved your self-realization, and this is your birthday as well. You all have been prepared for a great work, and this great work has never happened before. You all are the managers of this great work. 

A couple of months ago, we got excited because we saw Charlton station had gained a new water fountain. It was all part of a London-wide plan to provide more drinking water taps, and reduce the need for people to buy plastic bottles of water. There was a heatwave on, it sounded fantastic.. Then a few weeks after it opened, it was covered up again. And moved. Its still covered up today. Our refillable bottles have remained unfilled.. We asked Thames Water what was going on. A spokesperson got back to us very quickly and told us: At the moment the water coming from the fountain isnt of the standard wed expect so we cant let anyone use it until it passes all the right tests.. Thames Water emphasises there is no issue with water in the wider area  its just an issue that affects the fountain.. Hopefully the fountain will be back in service soon.

Last week my desktop stopped working. Most likely the power supply is starting to go. Although my data was not damaged I couldn't get to it for a few days. Yes, I have a portable hard drive I use for backups but my most recent emails and most recently created files weren't available. I also couldn't write checks using my accounting program... Wednesday, October , 

We specializes in international USA focused real estate, investment, lifestyle, immigration exhibitions, online and print publications, web connectivity, along with a variety of services designed to promote companies in related industry sectors meet affluent global clients and business networks.Request Info. Orb International is largely focused on several proprietary platforms that are all interconnected and allow for an online, digital, print, and in country presence. All promoting the same general topics related to the purchase of real estate investment by international buyers and all of the topics that are connected to this.. These platforms are always consumer facing, in multiple languages and are designed to engage an affluent international audience who is interested in the US lifestyle andor investment. Orb clients are those companies who are interested in meeting these consumers.

Statement. My father became a street photographer when he was eighteen in the late s, and ever since he documented life around him as it is - with artistic thought, but also a quickness of catching the moment as its being created. I was always extremely in awe of his work and soon, when he gave me a film camera for my th birthday, I started following his path of catching the moments around me.

Can a hill vanish? Apparently yes!

At least that is what the Rajasthan government has told the Supreme Court. During the hearing of a case related to the illegal minings in Aravalli, the Rajasthan Government told the Apex Court that  out of 3 hills in Aravalli region near Delhi border have disappeared.

The Supreme Court bench comprising Justices Madan B Lokur and Deepak Gupta was, however, not convinced, and asked the government if people had become Hanuman and they are running away with the hills.

The court which observed that Rajasthan has taken the issue of illegal mining very lightly and ordered the government to stop all illegal mining in a .3-hectare area in Aravalli hills within  hours.

The apex court also referred to a central empowered committee report that 3 hills or hillocks have vanished in the state's Aravalli area.

The court also noted that the disappearance of hills in Rajasthan could be one reason for the rise in pollution levels in Delhi.

A Message from Our CEO. Dear Guests,.. My vision is to provide a sanctuary for each and every guest in a peaceful environment that will allow for relaxation, rejuvenation and a place to re-energize ones spirit. We are all caretakers in one way or another and often we forget about the person most important  ourselves. Caretakers often forget that self-care is tremendously important. We must all remind ourselves that giving time to yourself is not selfish. Taking care of ones SELF first, makes taking care of others so much easier.. Namaste,. Julie Nguyen

Archive Article: . From Arthur Staniforth, Summertown, Oxford. The first tractor I drove was a Fordson red-spot. It was fitted with spade lugs and belonged to the Somerset War Agricultural Committee.. A student at Reading University, my holiday job was to go round ploughing up grass fields that had been scheduled by the War Ag. I had the old road menders caravan to live in and steel bands to put round the tractor wheels for road travel.. It was good tractor and pulled a two-furrow Ransome plough. Petrol was used for start up with TVO being switched to when it had warmed up. Starting it in the morning was the hardest part  it took some swinging and had a kick like a mule: Never put your thumb round the handle.. By present day standards the seat was incredibly uncomfortable and I spent most of the time when ploughing standing up  there was just enough room for that.

BrattainHadley House

The BrattainHadley House was located in Springfield, Oregon and was formerly listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Fire destroyed much of the house in , and in  a demolition contractor removed the house for safety reasons.

Paul Brattain, an  pioneer, obtained a -acre donation land claim soon after moving from Iowa to Oregon. The Brattain farm was entirely within modern Springfield city limits.

When Brattain died in 3, his descendants built the Queen Anne style house. Paul Hadley, Brattain's grandson, was the last of Brattain's descendants to occupy the house in the s. Hadley's daughter, Mary Hadley Callis, allowed vagrants to occupy the house until the  fire.  The house was removed from the National Register on May , .

See also
 National Register of Historic Places listings in Lane County, Oregon

References

Category:3 establishments in Oregon
Category:Former National Register of Historic Places in Oregon
Category:Houses completed in 3
Category:Houses in Lane County, Oregon
Category:Queen Anne architecture in Oregon
Category:Springfield, Oregon
Category:National Register of Historic Places in Lane County, Oregon

This report provides readers with a comprehensive analysis of the Military Radar market through 3-3, including highlights of the demand drivers and growth stimulators for Military Radar. It also provides an insight on the spending pattern and modernization pattern in different regions around the world.. The.. The Global Military Radar Market 3-3 - Market Size and Drivers: Market Profile allows you to:. Browse more Military & Defense Market Research Reports

Exploring Tourism Italy offers reliable custom travel services & tour packages in Italy. Our custom tour packages includes airport transfer, guide, hotel, sightseeing and all kinds of activities in Italy. We will help you to plan and book your holiday within your budget, duration and interest. We work best with Italy Tour Operator, Italy Travel Agency, Italy Travel Agent. For more information visit us on:

Our Mission Mayor Dr. Armando OCaa and City Council authorized extensions on utility accounts to Federal Government Employees affected by the Government shutdown.. The City of Mission understands this has been a hardship for families and wants to do its part to ensure their utilities are not disconnected.. We support all of our Federal Employees and we do not want to have the issue of turning off water or sewer from these individuals based on what is happening in Washington D.C. Families who live in the City of Mission will not have that concern.  Mayor Dr. Armando OCaa.. With proof of Federal Government Employment, the City of Mission will offer an extension to these families, and at the end of the government shutdown, customers will have 3 days to bring their accounts current. For more info, please contact our Utility BillingCollections Department at  .

A specialised team of attorneys with a wide range of core competences. The shared passion. for legal excellence, a consistent focus on our clients and their markets and a friendly, open atmosphere form the core values of our commercial law firm.. Managed in the spirit of partnership. with flat hierarchies and digitally networked, we can notably meet the requirements in particular of medium-sized companies quickly and efficiently at all offices. The personal proximity to clients and a real interest in their products and international markets lead us to practical and clear recommendations.. As a team. with currently more than  specialised attorneys, we concentrate on Employment, Commercial, Corporate, Health Care, IP, IT and Public.

MTN Uganda has launched the 3th edition of the annual Kampala Marathon. This years marathon aims to raise funds for the implementation of improved sanitation facilities for pupils through the construction of environmentally friendly smart bio-toilet facilities.. In partnership with the KCCA, a number of selected public primary schools in the outskirts of Kampala have already been identified to benefit from the fund.. The  MTN Kampala Marathon November  will follow the theme Run for Kampala, an extension of the campaign initiated last year and is expected to attract , participants.. Apart from improved sanitation,the proceeds from the Marathon will also construct friendly bio gas units that will be used in preparing meals for pupils and a rain water harvesting facilities that will improve access to clean water.. Registration for the marathon is , shillings.. The marathon kit among others includes a bib encased with a timing chip that will register each runners time.

All-time low: 3. on . Made from over 3 different crus, the Taittinger Brut remains one of the finest non-vintage Champagnes out today. The Taittinger Champagne house was founded in 3 and is based in Reims.. Their most well known wines are the Comtes de Champange which is made of  Chardonnay and the Comtes de Champagne Rose, which is made of  Pinot noir and 3 Chardonnay. Aged for a minimum of three years, the grapes blend together over time to deliver a lively and medium-dry wine packed with flavour. Generous notes of peach, candied lemon and vanilla come together on the palate of what is a deeply creamy, crisp and richly textured Champagne.. This Taittinger Brut Reserve is known for its yellow colour and is made of  Chardonnay, 3 Pinot Noir and  Pinot Meunier. This Champagne is versatile enough to pair with anything you wish. We recommend Taittinger Brut NV Champagne mixed with a splash of Sicilian Lemonade or some quality Ginger Beer.

.. The Tobin Project seeks exceptional individuals to join our collaborative team. We are currently accepting applications for our Research Analyst, Communications Associate, and Case Writer positions.. The Tobin Project convened twelve scholars for a meeting on the development and evolution of the antimonopoly movement in the United States and the role it has played in American democracy.. On September th and th, the Tobin Project convened nine graduate students for a workshop on the History of American Democracy, where participants shared research projects and provided feedback on each other's work.. On July th and th, the Tobin Project held a meeting of our working group on the History of American Democracy, seeking to develop research

agreed a deal to acquire technology and business solutions firm Navitaire for $3 million.. Navitaire, a subsidiary of Accenture, provides revenue-generation and cost management solutions to the airline industry.. The company focuses on the low-cost and hybrid-carrier segments of aviation and has a global customer base of more than  operators..  traveller, and this transaction will give us the ability to serve all airlines with technology that can enable them to drive new revenues and contain their costs.. Amadeus said the addition of Navitaires portfolio of products and solutions for the low-cost airline market will complement its Altea suite of offerings for its full-service carrier customer base, giving the company the ability to serve a wider group of airlines.. As part of the acquisition around  employees including Navitaires senior management team are expected to transfer to Amadeus.

I only started reading this book because my grandma gave it to me for christmas and told me that it was a wonderful book that made me think of you. I put off reading it for about  months but then I didn't have any new books to read so I picked this one up. Belive me, I don't like reading non-fiction books, so it's pretty amazing that a real-life story about a cat pulled me in so fast. It's a really interesting yet funny book, so good that I made excuses to use it for my survival unit in school. warning I got a little bit tierd with all of the cat stuff as the book went on.

. Highest walk on air baloon.. .The most stretchable skin.. 3. The longest dog ears.. . The highest paid attraction in slow decline.. . The heaviest apple.. . An old man, who committe lowering a rope.. . The biggest hamburger, which can be bought.. . The largest mirror ball.. . The quickest office.. . The biggest leap riding on a lion.. .The largest number of concrete blocks, broken karatistom one minute.. . The largest number of snakes gramuchih held in his mouth.. 3. The largest number of needles in the head.. . The longest fingernails on both hands.. . The strongest vypuchivanie eye.. . Smaleest and most of the living horses.. . The biggest pick-up.. . The most hirsute men.

The relationships view is a topological map of the impacted object and its related objects. You use the map to visualize the impacted object in your environment and to look for alerts on related objects that might indicate problems related to the alert.. The relationships map shows the impacted object, the related objects, the health, risk, or efficiency state of the related objects, and the number of generated alerts for each one. If you double-click an object icon, the selected object becomes the focus of the map and the topology is updated for the selected object.. In the left pane, click the icon. On the Alerts Overview, Health Alerts, Risk Alerts, or Efficiency Alerts lists, click the alert name in the data grid, and click the Relationships tab.

The ERA Toronto team recently had the privilege to head out to LA for a few days and join up with our LA team to do a few rooms in the area between our visits to Hollywood and Six Flags. One of the companies we got to visit during our trip was Xscape Pods. Xscape Pods are a relatively new company, having been in business for just over a year. Theyre a small, family-owned company who have done a good job of coming up with some cool and unique room designs.

Finding our way to Xscape Pods was fairly straightforward. Theyre located in a strip mall, so there was plenty of parking, and they had a nice big sign above their storefront. The lobby was very creatively decorated, with quite a sci-fi feel, some nice comfy couches, and a few unique and interesting decorations. We were given a warm welcome by the owners, after which we watched a short rules video and then we were off to play the room! The intro video was shown in the room itself; unfortunately, due to some technical difficulties, we only got to see about the first half, but it was still enough to get the gist and set the tone for the game to come.

The room itself felt slightly spartan, but this was appropriate given that it was supposed to be a generic government office. The props felt authentic enough and got the job done, although a few of them were starting to show signs of some wear and tear. One puzzle was a little bit fiddly, but another puzzle did a good job of making use of a cool, high-tech prop that really added to the atmosphere.

The immersion was decent, with background music and sound effects evoking a military base. Again, we missed out on some of the intro video due to technical difficulties, so the story was a little unclear, and there didnt appear to be much by way of story development as we progressed. One cool reveal helped pull us back into the story for a bit, but at other times we were simply going through the motions.

Similarly, the puzzles generally felt merely competent. There were no team-building puzzles, no big wow moments, and quite a few codingdecoding puzzles. Most things made sense, and there werent any large leaps of logic required, but at a few points we found ourselves a little lost and unsure what to tackle next.

In the end, we did enjoy ourselves while playing this room, but werent necessarily blown away by it. There were a few cool moments, but nothing that really made it stand out. Overall though still a solid room and worth playing should you find yourself in the area.

It is common in many industries that various materials or mixtures of materials require drying at some stage of processing. One example is the drying of i.e. the removal of water from coal and coal wash fines in the mining industry. Traditionally, industrial drying has been accomplished through application of heat to bring a moisture laden material to elevated temperatures so that the moisture will evaporate andor boil away from the material. This approach, however, requires large amounts of energy to produce and apply the heat. This energy is usually derived from the burning of fossil or other fuels, which is not very efficient, is not generally eco-friendly, and in fact is a pollution generator in its own right. At least partially for these reasons, the burning of fossil fuels in the coal mining industry to dry material such as coal wash fines is strictly regulated.
In addition to drying needs, there are industrial needs for transitioning a substance with a vapor pressure threshold from one phase to another phase. Examples include, distilling, mixing, desalinating, recovering oil from oil shale and oil sands, recovering purified distilled water from contaminated water, distilling alcohols from a mash or other mixture, and many others. Desalinization of seawater to produce potable water is one example of a desalinating application. Traditional techniques for desalinizing seawater have tended to require large amounts of externally generated energy in the form of heat, which, again, usually involves the burning of fossil fuels, is exceedingly inefficient, and generally is not eco-friendly. Artificial snow-making also is an industry where the making of artificial snow from water is energy intensive and inefficient, and produces a poor substitute for natural snow. Pond evaporation is another example of an industry that consumes large amounts of energy to produce heat for boiling water or other substances, pollutes the atmosphere, and is generally inefficient. The above examples represent only a few throughout various industries.
A need exists for methods and systems to perform these and many other related industrial tasks more efficiently, using much less energy, requiring the addition of little or no externally generated heat or thermal energy, and in a manner that produces little or no harmful atmospheric emissions and thus is eco-friendly. It is to the provision of such methods and systems that the present disclosure is primarily directed.

Think Design. DIGITAL DESIGN. We are driven by Insight: We drive results through Design. Since , we have been powering the mission-critical initiatives of a few of the worlds most renowned organizations and brands, transforming businesses across continents and impacting millions of users. We work across a broad spectrum of industries, delivering work of value and impact through our five global studios in India and USA.. Values: Pride, Trust, and Will.. Mission: We exist to make technologies relevant to the people who use them.. Projects presented:. . Analytica Treasure hunt: An Intelligence Marketplace. . Cryptography: The Pulse of your Portfolio. 3. IDBI Federal Life Insurance  Online Customer Experience. . Reliance Smart Money. . Pidilite: Corporate website, differently approached

FIVE South Essex gymnasts competed well and brought back medals from the Regional Out Of Age finals in Ipswich.. In the Level  competition and in the -3 age group, Ellie Hall finished ninth and Abigail Bradley was th.. In the  plus age group, Michelle Sillitoe was fifth overall and also won the silver medal on bars.. At Level 3 - age group, Lucy McCarthy won the gold medal on bars.. Sophie Goodman competed in the 3 plus, Level 3 section and won the overall competition, and also claimed gold medals on vault, bars and beam.

This South facing garden apartment is located in the prestigious complex of Mansion Club, just above the Golden Mile and only minutes away from Marbella Centre, Puerto Bans and the beach. Mansion Club is a h gated community with lush tropical gardens, numerous water features,  outdoor pools,  indoor heated pool, gym, sauna and Jacuzzi. The property comprises an entrance hallway, a fully equipped kitchen with Siemens appliances and separate laundry room and a bright and spacious living room leading onto the terrace and garden area. The master suite has built-in wardrobes, a full bathroom and access to the main terrace. Additionally there are  more guest bedrooms and  bathroom. Further the apartment benefits from excellent built qualities, under-floor heating throughout, AC hot and cold, alarm, intelligent home system,  underground parking space and  storage room. Price reduced from . to .

The art and power of make-up. Beauty is as beauty does. Explore  color from the earth, non-petroleum based mineral makeup made from plant derived pigments and ingredients.. pricing denotes junioradvancedseniordesignermaster levels.. Novalash Eyelash Extensions lengthen each natural lash and thicken the lash line for a darker, more radiant look. They are waterproof, sweat proof and contain an oil-proof adhesive that can last up to six weeks. No need for mascara. Minimal maintenance..

Welcome to Black Tie Ski Rentals in Big Sky!.. No matter the length of your visit to Big Sky or Moonlight Basin, we have a ski rental package that is perfect for you. From all of us in Big Sky, we look forward to helping you out with your ski & snowboard rentals during your Big Sky & Moonlight Basin ski vacation this winter,. Sincerely, Seth Turner. Packages. Premium Ski Package.. Performance Ski Package. We designed this package for the aspiring all mountain skier looking for improved performance and added value.. Package Features. Gender Specific, Junior Models, Updated Equipment, with length ranges between cm and cms. Performance Board Package. We designed this package for the aspiring all mountain riders looking for improved performance and added value.. Package Features. Gender Specific, Updated Equipment. Black Tie Ski Rentals carries board lengths ranging from cms to cms. Junior.. Big Sky. ..3 Toll Free. bigskyblacktieskis.com. PO Box ,. Big Sky, MT. 

Demons Training Session

Natalie did a surprise appearance at a Demons AFL training session in Melbourne this Wednesday. In town for this weekends NGV Gala, she took time out to check out how the Dees were coming along in pre-season.

Apparently, Natalies best friend, a big Demons supporter, was the reason behind her visit. Their children took part in the warm-up with the players.

Natalie also donned an AFLW guernsey and there were plenty of fans on social media who were happy with her choice of club. As usual, Zimbio has several photos:

What is the difference between horizontal and vertical integration?. What is the difference between vertical and horizontal integration?. Continue Reading This Article. Enjoy this article as well as all of our content, including E-Guides, news, tips and more.. By submitting you agree to receive email communications from TechTarget and its partners. Privacy Policy Terms of Use.. Vertical integration is application integration in support of a particular type of business, such as healthcare, finance, manufacturing, etc. These industries require a specific type of integration typically around standards they employ, such as HIPPA healthcare, UCCnet retail, RossettaNet high-tech, and GSTP finance.. Horizontal integration is integration types that are common to all industries, such as basic integration services including transformation, routing, adapters, flow control, etc.

The ACX Marketing Roadmap, our three-part series on promoting your audiobook from announcement to release, continues in this episode with part two  marketing your audiobook during production. This important phase of production is the time to build anticipation for your audiobook, and its full of great marketing opportunities. ACX-Perts Scott and Hannah are here with essential strategies for your pre-launch marketing campaign, including:. - Creating a marketing plan that involves your narrator in the process,. - Using your audio to build excitement with your fans and generate buzz,. - Laying the groundwork with audiobook reviewers,. - And how to create a marketing calendar that will set you up for launch day success!.  Comment. As representatives, both of you have a much tauted speech no-no  avoid ums! The information is great!

Attack of the Chicken Nugget Man is a fun way for not only students, but teachers as well. Specific books have been created for Common Core Standards along with state specific standards for North Carolina, California, Georgia, and New York.. Grants are for nd-th grade educators. Teachers can apply to receive up to $, worth of Chicken Nugget Man books through this grant. Grants will be awarded within  days of application. The application is quick and easy! Grants are awarded to educators who propose innovative, replicable, and differentiated projects which utilize Attack of the Chicken Nugget Man books to boost student achievement.. Grants are accepted on a rolling basis, no deadline.

WHO: Ned Alpers, UCLA professor and chair of history. WHEN: Thursday, April ,  p.m.. WHERE: California State University Channel Islands, Science Auditorium.. WHAT: At the above place and time, Ned Alpers, UCLA professor and chair of history, will present a lecture titled, The Indian Ocean in World History, focusing on the Indian Ocean as a center of activity among nations of many continents, including Africa, Asia, and Europe. The lecture is free and open to the public. It is part of the Universitys Global Histories and Their Futures series, cosponsored by the Instructionally Related Activities Board and the Historians League. For more information, contact Rainer Buschmann, associate professor of history, at  3-. Parking is $ for a campus permit. Follow signs to event location.

Product Portfolio. Barracuda's wide range of high-performance network solutions are specifically designed to protect your threat vectors no matter where they reside. Whether it is a website, email, web application, or mobile device, Barracuda has the tools necessary for you to secure and optimize your network perimeter... Network and Application.

Sloan is proud to reinforce its commitment to sustainability on Earth Day with the launch of a series of new resources. In addition to a new brochure detailing our transparency and carbon neutral initiatives, Sloan has developed tools such as a sustainability calculator, sustainable product chart, green product finder and more to make sustainability easier for everyone using our products. Please see the document linked below for information:

Oakland Raiders defensive end Khalil Mack has extended his hold out to training camp.. Mack is currently on his -year, $,, rookie contract and is due to make a base salary of $3,, this season. Mack is targeting a deal similar to Denver Broncos All-Pro defensive end Von Miller $ million annually with $ million guaranteed.. Mack is a 3x Pro-Bowler, x First-Team All-Pro Player, and won NFL Defensive Player of the Year in . The -year-old has 3 tackles, . sacks, and nine forced fumbles in his -year career.

The Boys:. Laval Chervoods Snow Lego chima by Zimba  BOB and SPANIEL CLUB ANNIVERSARY WINNER !. Chervoods snow Matoska of Tassi  3rd best male with reserve CAC. Chervoods Snow Elvis Of Pippis  th best male. Chervoods Snow Arona by Oliver  got a very good. The Girls:. Sika Chervoods Snow Tara Of Pippis  BOS and SPANIEL CLUB ANNIVERSARY WINNER !. Bella Chervoods Snow Bella of Kola  nd best female and veteran CAC.. Selma Chervoods Snow Liana by Oliver  Junior CAC, 3rd best female and SPANIEL CLUB ANNIVERSARY JUNIOR WINNER !. Mathilde Chervoods Snow Saga by Mister S th best female.

Developing Parallel Applications for the Intel Xeon Phi. This course.. Aimed at:. The target audience for this course is people who are reasonably competent programmers and, in particular, we assume they are familiar with basic CC andor Fortran, but no other knowledge is assumed. We do not assume they know anything about parallel programming or OpenMP.. Prerequisites:. Attendees should be able to program in either Fortran or C and be familiar with working in a UNIX environment.. Duration:.  days.. After the course attendees will:. Have a good understanding of the Intel Xeon Phi architecture and the characteristics required of applications to run well. In addition they should have enough knowledge of OpenMP and LEO in order to parallelize and offload their own codes, and be able to apply key optimization techniques.. Please email us if you would like to attend this course.

Effect of protein kinase C on amylase secretion and cyclic AMP production in rat pancreatic acinar cells.
The authors examined the effects of protein kinase C on secretin-induced amylase release and cyclic AMP production in rat pancreatic acinar cells. Secretin - M and -O-tetradecanoyl-phorbol 3-acetate TPA - M induced 3 and  increase of amylase release from the basal level, respectively during  min. Simultaneous addition of TPA and secretin resulted in  amylase release from the basal level for  min. Suppression of secretin-induced amylase release was evident within  min of pretreatment with TPA. TPA showed the same effect on cyclic AMP production; secretin-induced increase of cyclic AMP was suppressed by pretreatment of TPA for  min. To explore the mechanism by which TPA inhibits secretin-induced cyclic AMP production, we also examined the effects of protein kinase C purified from rat brain on adenylate cyclase activity in pancreatic acinar membranes. Basal, forskolin- and secretin plus guanosine '-gamma-thiotrisphosphate-stimulated adenylate cyclase activity were inhibited by protein kinase C in the presence of Ca. These results suggest that protein kinase C might have a role in the inhibitory effect on adenylate cyclase in exocrine pancreas.

Transcendental and Optimized Digital Designing Using Reversible Logic. The approach in the reversible logic design differs significantly from the traditional combinational logic design. In reversible logic circuit, the number of input lines should be equal to the number of output lines with each output line being used only once thereby making the resulting circuit acyclic. Thus a reversible logic gate is an n-input, n-output device with one-to-one mapping. This helps in the determination of the outputs from the inputs and vice-versa, i.e. there is one-to-one correspondence between the input and the output vectors.. Provided by: International Journal of Emerging Science and Engineering IJESE Topic: Hardware Date Added: Feb 3 Format: PDF

About Us

List Distillery is the first small-batch craft distillery in Fort Myers, Florida, and is home to Mr. Tom's Spirits, a line of one-of-a-kind, naturally infused products. We pride ourselves on creating delectable spirits using all locally sourced, natural ingredients. Our vast product range includes Vodka, Gin, Rum, Bourbon, Whiskey, and Cream Liqueurs. This diverse portfolio also includes the United States first certified  Sugar-Free and Gluten-Free Vodka, as well as the World's only certified  Sugar-Free and Gluten-Free Gin.

Owners, Thomas and Renate List founded the company in . After being in the restaurant industry for many years, Renate decided she wanted to get back to her roots. Being a part of the Bauer Dynasty, an Austrian family, very well known for its success in distilling as well as for creating many successful worldwide brands, one being Jgermeister. She and Thomas were able to combine both their passion and knowledge of old-world craft distilling with innovative ideas to produce unique flavors and memorable experiences.

The PYP prepares students of age - years of age to become active, caring, lifelong learners who demonstrate respect for themselves and others and have the capacity to participate in the world around them. It focuses on the holistic development of the child.. Tripada Singapore Internationale School as International Baccalaureate Candidate School offers a dynamic and supportive learning environment where students get holistic development. Students in PYP are motivated to become critical thinkers through the provision of a stimulating and enriched curriculum.

Lee, Rona  Truthing Gap. ShowExhibitionFull text not available from this repository.. Abstract. Oceanographic survey offers no grounding in questions of representation, such as mapping as an expression of power, or inter-subjective relations between observer and observed. Existing practice involves the reprocessing of sonar data to create drained and illuminated, photorealistic, virtual models, over which the disembodied eye may freely roam.. Situated and situationist, Truthing Gap employed conjectural understanding, participant observation work with geophysical modellingmapping software and underwater vehiclescameras, performative experiments and interventions, alongside alternative modes of data capture and making tactile cartographies, to address the role of representational vocabularies in configuring humannon-human relations and the capacity of contemporary artistic practice to re-think dominant environmental imaginaries.. Actions login required. Downloads. Downloads per month over past year

I just came across an interesting article by Jeffrey Joerres on the editorial page of The Wall Street Journal Europe April ,  entitled Aging Your Work Force. The article is about the challenge of an aging workforce in Europe and says that a loss of productivity and intellectual capital as baby boomers leave the work force could devastate some businesses. Europes work force will begin shrinking in the coming years and is expected to become  smaller within five decades, according to the OECD. The countries with the biggest threat are those with the oldest populations, particularly Germany and Italy.

sam cruickshank Tweets. horiwood has posted  tweets in the last 3 days, which translates to an average of . tweets per day.. sam cruickshank Followers. horiwood has  followers.. This account is ,3, in the worldwide rank of the most popular Twitter users.. sam cruickshank Following. horiwood is following  Twitter accounts.. Last month this account followed no users.. sam cruickshank Predictions & Milestones. horiwood will hit  followers in the next 3 months, and 33 in one year.. You are on sam cruickshank's Twitter stats page. We track these Twitter stats since October ,  . You can see how many followers sam cruickshank lost or gained and what the prediction is for tomorrow or the next  days, together with all kinds of other stats like rank compared to all Twitter users, tweets etc.. Why don't you give it a try and compare sam cruickshank to yourself ? Or if you are sam cruicksh.

Head of the Iraqi National Alliance, Sayyid Ammar Al-Hakim met with the Iraqi Parliament Speaker Mr. Salim Al-Jubouri in the latter's office in Baghdad Monday, .rn. Discussions covered political reforms and the ongoing preparations for the battle to liberate Mosul and its aftermath.rn. His Eminence stressed the importance of activating the legislative and regulatory role of the Iraqi House of Representatives and pass idle laws, stressing that the current stage requires active political performance.rn. Sayyid Ammar Al-Hakim indicated that the battle to liberate the city of Mosul is a decisive battle and requires a vast participation from the Iraqi people, and following phase after the liberation of Mosul is important and needs an integrated inclusive political project.

This video presents some impressive and thought provoking stats on the prevalence and influence of social media. Are the numbers true? Hard to know but the overall thrust of the video is clear  Social media  YouTube, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn etc. is changing how companies communicate with their constituents and the rate of that change is accelerating.. Follow this Socialnomics link for more detail and discussion around the topic.

Director.That is where this practice causes problems for human beings, said Paulson, who is also Professor Emeritus of Pediatrics and of Environmental & Occupational Wellness at George Washington University College of Medicine and Health Sciences and George Washington University Milken Institute School of Public Health. A lot more than two million people in the usa become ill with antibiotic-resistant infections every complete year, and more than 3, die from them, based on the report. The Center for Disease Control and Preventions Foodborne Diseases Energetic Surveillance Network in 3 indicated that the highest incidence was among children under five years previous. He explained that many of us touch these bacteria often and such contacts normally dont bring about an infection.

Plugin Alliance retained Glows services to develop a marketing strategy that included artist relations, PR, advertising, events and product launch campaigns. Here are some highlights:. Developed Artist Relations Program. Arranged Artist Interviews. Produced VIP Events. Produced Videos Featuring Artist Testimonials for Product Launches. Created Advertising Strategy & Analyzed Results. Plugin Alliance is a new ber-standard, supporting all major plugin formats and uniting some of the best-known international audio companies under one, virtual roof. Plugin Alliance empowers world-renowned analog hardware companies with a digital strategy and provides software developers with services that allow them to develop products with increasing quality and quantity.

Testimonials. Highly Recommend!! Keith and his team have integrity, professionalism and a good old fashioned work ethic that is greatly appreciated and hard to find these days. What we thought was above and beyond was their standard practice. They did an amazing job on insulation for our French Drain. We had a limited amount of space due to close neighbors and they worked with our constraints and were able to get the job done sooner than expected. I look forward to working with Keith and his team again on future projects. Its refreshing to find a reliable company that has a dedicated staff and excellent customer service.. Thank you to Keith and his team!!. Julia & Carole via Yelp

BRUSSELS Reuters - The European Union is considering applying  percent tariffs on around $3. billion of imports from the United States if President Donald Trump carries out his plan to apply global duties to steel and aluminum, EU sources say.

Slideshow   images 

The European Commission has said it would respond firmly to proposed U.S. import duties of  percent on steel and  percent on aluminum.

It has spelt out it would join others in a challenge at the World Trade Organization WTO and consider safeguard measures, last deployed in , to guard against steel and aluminum being diverted to Europe from elsewhere if U.S. tariffs come in.

A further counter-measure under consideration would specifically target the United States to rebalance trade between the two, EU sources say.

The U.S. tariffs would be officially brought in on grounds of national security, but the European Union says U.S. military requirements represent no more than 3 percent of U.S. production and that the measures are really a form of protectionism for U.S. manufacturers.

EU exports of steel to the United States in  were worth .3 billion euros $.3 billion and of aluminum . billion euros.

For certain grades of steel, the United States cannot show there was any increase of imports last year, the EU sources say, meaning it would not be allowed to apply safeguard measures to them. For the EU, exports of those grades amounted to . billion euros $3. billion.

Assuming U.S. tariffs fully covered EU steel, the European Union would put forward  percent tariffs on . billion euros worth of goods from the United States.

About a third would be steel grades, another third other industrial products and a final third agricultural products.

The list of products is set to be presented next week to EU countries, whose approval would be needed.

The rebalancing would have to take place within three months.

Bletchley Park One Minute Puzzles. Part of a series of puzzle books produced by the Bletchley Park Trust. During World War Two, Bletchley Park was the workplace for thousands of people whose job it was to read the encrypted messages of its enemies. The challenge is complete the puzzles in under one minute. This paperback book has  pages and measures:  x 3 x cm.. This product has not yet been reviewed.

Lonvitalite K Gold & Collagen Eye Mask - pk. Regular price. $.. Sale. Lonup cellular processes, activating regeneration which aids in restoring lost ageing skins volume.. Recommended Usage: For best results use  mask every day for 3 days, then once a week to maintain results.. Directions: Gently cleanse and dry eye area. Tear open satchel and remove the eye mask tray. Place each mask under eye and leave for -3 mintues. Remove mask and gently rub the remaining serum into eye area.. Ingredients: Hydrolyzed soy protein, deionized water, Allantoin, Propylene glycol, Phenoxyethanol, Red algae extract Glycerine, Vitamin C,E, and B3, Lubrajel oil, microprotein, Dmdmh and iodopropynyl butyl carbamate, L-sodium acid Hyaluronic acid amionpropyl phosphate derivative Disodium EDTA, Grapeseed extract, Rose essential oil, Carbopol , Ethylhexylglycerin, Dimethylol Dimethyl Hydantoin, k Active, Gold TWEEN . KCE

Royston commuters can now enjoy upgraded trains on their journey to work.. North East Herts MP Oliver Heald has welcomed news that the first of  upgraded First Capital Connect trains has come into service.. The trains, which will travel on the London to Peterborough, Cambridge and Kings Lynn line, include new seat covers and flooring.. Mr Heald said: It is very good news that First Capital Connect are upgrading their trains. It will make the journeys of my constituents more comfortable and this will particularly benefit commuters. I look forward to travelling in one myself.. The rest of the upgraded trains will come into service in phases over the next couple of years to guarantee availability.. From this Spring, there will be further improvements ensure they are up to date with the latest disability regulations.

Munchkin -pk. Corner Cushions. Some information is missing or invalid below.. Sorry, the item is out of stock. Add this item to your shopping bag Learn More. Keep your little ones protected with these Munchkin corner cushions.. Product Features. - Rounded corner design provides extra foam protection along corners where impact is most likely to occur.. - Sculpted design ensures a secure fit.. - Compatible with foam straight edge cushions not included  to provide complete edge and corner protection.. Product Details. - -pack. - H x W x 3D packaged. - Foam. - Model no. 3

It's high school graduation season, and caps and gowns abound at Treasure Valley school auditoriums and arenas.. On Tuesday night, Timberline High School's Class of  was center stage at Taco Bell Arena, and graduates of Nampa's Columbia High School and West Ada's Idaho Fine Arts Academy were honored at their own ceremonies.. Coming up Wednesday night are Boise High School   p.m. at Taco Bell Arena -- and Eagle Academy, :3 p.m. at the Capital High School Auditorium. A few schools have already celebrated their graduating seniors, and ceremonies are scheduled throughout this week and next.. Find a full list of local graduations at IdahoStatesman.com.

Silicone breast prostheses implantation and explanation.
Breast implants have been used for augmentation and reconstruction for a 3-year period. Standard techniques have been used for the successful placement of mammary prostheses to enhance or replace breast tissue. All breast implants are surrounded by a capsule. The most common complication of breast implant surgery is hardening and contracture of the capsule. Explanation of implants is indicated for implant rupture, infection, extrusion, siliconoma, breast pain, painful capsular contracture, malposition, significant patient fear, and systemic symptoms thought secondary to implants. A number of alternatives are available for postexplant reconstruction, including myocutaneous flaps and free tissue transfers.

Why Veronica Gomes Hair?. Our luxurious line of hair extensions is composed of  natural remy human hair and manufactured in India. We have designed our products to help women, like you, to create the hair of their dreams in a quick and simple way. With over a decade of experience in making women look and feel beautiful, Veronica Gomes Hair is the most prestigious brand of hair extensions worldwide.. We are inspired by a woman who makes her dreams a reality. She believes in creating her own beauty to express and embrace her authentic self. She is a woman who understands the value of quality hair products and services and is proud of her premium standards. She strives to better the world around her as she brings her best self forward each and every day. With over a decade of experience in making women look and feel beautiful, we will continue to do so for many more years to come.

Bed Trays With Cup Holder Bed Trays With Legs Tray Cup Holder Folding Lovely Table Ideas About Laptop Locking Wicker Bed Tray With Cup Holder. bed trays with cup holder bed trays with legs tray cup holder folding lovely table ideas about laptop locking wicker bed tray with cup holder.. bed tray with cup holder wicker and legs,wicker breakfast in bed tray serving table with cup holder plastic,portable bamboo laptop stand desk notebook table bed food tray with cup holder and legs,laptop table suppliers and manufacturers at bed tray cup holder food with,breakfast bed tray with cup holder wicker table in french,bed tray table with cup holder breakfast and legs food for serving,bed tray table with cup holder breakfast food in trays full,bed tray with cup holder and legs food wicker laptop table comfortable duo free name,bed tray table with cup holder and legs food breakfast,wicker bed tray with cup holder breakfast and legs in trays.

BILSTEIN B Adjustible . Peak performance to the power of .. The product benefits at a glance:. -  settings for parallel damping adjustment. - Rebound and compression phases can be selected in parallel via the adjusters with the unit in situ. - Individual settings ranging from extreme sportiness right up to the highest level of driving comfort. - Road and track tested by BILSTEIN for fi ne tuning. - BILSTEIN gas pressure technology. - BILSTEIN mono-tubeUpside-Down technology, made in Germany. - No German TV registration required. Technologies. Where to buy. Online Catalogue. You can easily find your product which fits to you car and needs.. Choose language

Previous Next. Loblolly Pine. $,. Availability: In stock. This turned piece of wood is made of wood found in the southeastern United States. It has been transformed through careful craftsmanship and brings together the beauty of nature and hand into one harmonious piece. It measures . x . and is made of loblolly pine. Reference PM if calling the gallery to inquire.. Have questions about this item? Call us -3-.. Shipping & Gallery Pickup Available. View our Shipping & Return Policy

It's been a long journey, but puzzle platformer Yumi's Odd Odyssey, known as Farewell Umihara Kawase in Japan, will finally be available on the North American 3DS eShop on March th, according to publisher Natsume:

This is the first time the series has ever ventured outside of Japan in its -decade history, but Natsume has expressed in interviews its desire to bring the latest game to overseas fans, and that digital distribution has been seen as a good way of helping lower the risks and costs involved.

The titular protagonist of Yumi's Odd Odyssey wields a fishing line and hook, swinging, flinging, and navigating herself through a multitude of levels. The series has drawn a cult following of fans outside Japan who came across its unique style in various ways, including a playthrough of the original Super Famicom title on GameCenter CX. No official word has been given regarding a potential release of Yumi's Odd Odyssey in Europe or Australia.

Will you bite on Yumi's Odd Odyssey, or is it just not hooking you? Let us know in the comments.

As a child, Tim once spent an entire month staring longingly at a copy of Kirby's Dream Land his parents had kept atop the refrigerator until he could play it on an upcoming road trip. That month would change his life forever. TLatshaw

Not available. What follows is the calculated isotope pattern for the CrI unit with the most intense ion set to .. Formula: CrI. mass . 3 . 3 . 3 . 3 .3 3 . . The data on these compounds pages are assembled and adapted from the primary literature and several other sources including the following.. WebElements is the periodic table on the WWW

Sheltair's new $ million hangar-office complex now open

Aviation development company Sheltair will celebrate the grand-opening of its new $ million westside office-hangar complex at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport Wednesday, Nov. 3. In October, Sheltair completed the 3, square foot facility on more than  acres of land on the west side of the airfield, as part of a three-phase development project. Arlene Satchell

The roughly $ million complex marks the completion of the first phase of a three-part development project at the Fort Lauderdale facility that's expected to be done in , Sheltair said.

The aviation development company, which has  airport facilities in Florida, New York and Georgia, provides fuel, ground handling and other services to owners and operators of corporate and leisure aircraft. It also builds and leases hangars and office space to aviation-related companies.

Sheltair strives to be on the cutting edge of aviation construction and development, and this project coupled with the advantages and growth potential at this airport is and will be a wonderful example in the aviation community, Sheltair CEO Jerry Holland said in a statement.

Work on the 3,-square-foot facility at  Lee Wagener Blvd. was completed in October after breaking ground in April . Spread across more than  acres, the complex is the first new general aviation facility to be built on the airport's west side in more than a decade, according to Sheltair.

Increased demand for its services, customers' expanding fleets and the Fort Lauderdale airport's rising international profile were among reasons for the expansion, company officials have said. Sheltair is also seeking to grow its business from Brazil, Mexico, Canada and Europe.

We are pleased Sheltair Aviation has decided to expand their facilities at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport, said Kent George, the airport's director of aviation.

Beside its traditional services, Sheltair also manages the country's busiest general aviation federal inspection station for international flights here in Fort Lauderdale, George noted.

Tenants in the new facility will have access to Sheltair's round-the-clock terminal, which offers aircraft refueling, cleaning, a -hour U.S. Customs office, Hertz car rental, cafe and executive boardroom and other amenities. They'll also have direct access to the airport's new ,-foot south runway, now under construction and set to open September .

I ask because I have just ordered some laying pullets expecting chicks on the th and today found one of my hens who has been slacking big time on the egg production on the nest. I thought nothing of it and came back later to collect her egg; She was gone from the nest but she had pulled off alot of feathers and looks like she is getting ready to brood. It's bad timing of coarse with all the chicks on the way but maybe I will put a few of my Light Brahma x silkie eggs under her and see if they will hatch. That way if she decides to leave the nest after a few days I won't be so disappointed.

The Road Dance. Completed . Inspired by true events.... Kirsty Mcleod, is a young woman, coming of age in a small island community in the years before WW. She dreams ofthe wider world and a life away from the harsh land and strict religion of her island home. Tragedy strikes twice, once at a village party, and once again, when her boyfriend is sent to war. Inspired by a true story, the film offers a believable window on the rhythms of Hebridean island life at the turn of the twentieth century.. Cast:. Hermione Corfield Mission: Impossible-Rogue Nation, Rust Creek. Morven Christie Grantchester, The A Word. Mark Gatiss The Favourite, The Father. Director: Richie Adams

Smart Banking: an Introduction Driven by Information Technology. Abstract. The book explains how with the help of technology banks are providing innovative services by managing wide network of branches and delivery channels. It focuses on key banking activities and IT applications driving the banking processes. The book describes the inter-connection between the Core Banking Solution, delivery channels and the networking platforms facilitating online transactions between banks, customers and the business entities.. Subject Discipline. Economic and Commercial Laws. Refbacks. - There are currently no refbacks.

President's Leadership Council. Laura Overdeck. Founder, Bedtime Math and Chair, Overdeck Family Foundation. Laura Bilodeau Overdeck is the founder of Bedtime Math, a nonprofit organization that aims to help young children love math. In addition to being a social entrepreneur, she chairs the Overdeck Family Foundation, which supports mathscience education reform.. Overdeck is a trustee of Princeton University and vice chair of the board of Liberty Science Center; she also sits on the advisory boards of Johns Hopkins Center for Talented Youth, Khan Academy and Governors School of New Jersey.. She holds a B.A. in astrophysical sciences from Princeton, an M.B.A. from the Wharton School of Business, and an honorary D.Eng. from Stevens Institute of Technology.

Alexander DiMauro. From humble beginnings, my ancestry goes back to Tauron on my father's side, and Aerilon and Scorpia on my mother's side. My Tauron grandparents escaped the bloody civil wars and settled on Aerilon, where both of my parents were born. After marriage, my parents moved to Caprica to try and find a better life. That is where I was born, a product of a diverse background and a strong connection to all the colonies through travels and studies.

. Crime doesn't pay... does that mean that my job is a crime?. A conscience is what hurts when all your other parts feel so good.. Isn't it weird how when a cop drives by you feel paranoid instead of protected.. One-liner has .  from 3 votes. Vote:. Tags: car, life, motorcycle. You need to carry women in your arms; they will climb on your back by themselves.. See all one liners sorted from the best by visitors like you.

Institutional Communications. What we do. Our communications support systemwide and UCOP programs that deliver on UCs commitment to the people who bring the mission of teaching research and public service to life. Through vehicles like Link, UCnet and New Dimensions, we share news and information about the benefits of working for UC and the values of the University. We also manage the Presidents newsletter and LinkedIn to foster community and shared pride throughout the university and beyond.. How we can help you. We can work with you to:. - Build a solid communications plan to engage internal UC audiences. - Develop written, visual or digital communications for your campaign. - Promote programs, news, events and initiatives that impact the people of UC. - Advise on the best way to target internal audiences and connect with local experts. - Create new systemwide or UCOP websites

The aura of the White Mountains in New Hampshire starts and stops with Mt. Washington and Tuckerman Ravine. The ravine is a bowlface on part of Mt. Washington that has a notoriety for its steep grade and tough trails and drops. There are many videos showing the utter force of the wind, snow and cold at the summit. A lot . green mountains. Trip . The United States Forest Service has approved the South of Route  Integrated Resource Project, which includes opening some land of a former ski resort for backcountry access. The plan was proposed by students and the Land Stewardship Program LANDS at the University of Vermont who conducted research regarding non-native invasive species overgrowing in portions of the research site. As part of an 

Every  years,  demon children are sent to Earth to compete in a battle to become king of the Demon World. Each demon is paired with a human partner who is given a spell book of a specific color. The human can cast the demons spells through their book. If a demons book is burned, they disappear and return to the Demon World. The last demon remaining becomes the king. The show is oriented around Gash Bell and his human partner, Takamine Kiyomaro.. Won the th Shogakukan Manga Award in the Shounen category.

ShinBit is receiving a Melarsomine injection to kill the adult heartworms. So Melarsomine is an adulticide and is the Immiticide referred to in the heartworm treatment report.. Remember the adult worms can live in the heart and pulmonary arteries which is why heartworms get their name. Melarsomine is the only medication currently being used to kill adult heartworms. Because it is injected into the muscles of the back, the injections can be painful.. Doxycycline is also used to kill the Wolbachia organism infection that often accompanies heartworm disease. This organism is thought to also provide some sort of protection for adult heartworms and may cause inflammation in the lungs of the infected animal after the adult heartworms die.. The dying heartworms can cause obstructions in the blood vessels of the lungs. Exercise can increase the risk of an embolism and serious side effects so ShinBi must be kept quiet and inactive during his heartworm treatment.

Parker: . lbs  ,   inches . Hayes: . lbs  ,   inches Feeding: Drinking formula from sippy cups and cups with straws. Feeding self with fingers.. Every once in a while, they get juice. I'm not a juice fan, due to the sugars, so I cut it with lots of water!. They eat mostly table foods. Grilled Cheese, Scrambled Eggs, ANY Fruit and ANY Vegetables They are definitely my kids, I LOVE veggies!. Mac and Cheese, Hot Dogs skinned, of course, Hamburgers, any meal with Chicken, Spaghetti, Lasagna, Manicotti, Rice and Beans from the Mexican Restaurant. Oh, and they could eat their weight in biscuits!!. Bedtime Routine: Bath, Nighttime clothes, Bottle, then Bed. They are sleeping from :3 -  am each night and NOT waking at all during the night. Motor Skills: Both continue to pull up on furniture, stand holding onto furniture. Hayes can let go of furniture and remain standing.. Language: Both boys say dada; Parker says mama

We have started a new program to strengthen the cooperation between civil organizations of the Carpathian region.. We have successfully organized the Kick Off Meeting of our new initiative on  April,  in Eger with the participation of our experts and partners from abroad. With the implementation of the project an old dream, or rather a plan of ours can come true, since we started to elaborate the details the initiative about -3 years ago. By using a variety of tools, we would like to support the network building and cooperation among civil organizations in the Carpathian region rural, cross-border regions of Hungary, Poland, Romania, Slovakia and Ukraine.. More information on the project:. carpathiancivilsocietyhub

We spent the weekend in West Palm Beach for our Annual District Convention and after the convention I'd hang by the pool with the girls. Now the girls have about a dozen little pools at home, where the water reaches their ankles. I think the hotel's pool was a little intimidating for them. LOL. DAY . DAY . Today they were ready to test the waters.... Atleast they got their bathing suits and floaties on.. Atleast they got their bathing suits and floaties on.. By her expression, don't think she was ready either.. Lydia finally let go of her fears!. I'll hold on to the wall just in case.... She let go!!! YAY!!!. DAY 3. By this day, they were pro's!. Kick your feet, move your hands.. By the end of the night they were. By the end of the night they were. swimming in the deep end.

Obesity is defined as a Body Mass Index BMI of 3. or greater. Source: GreenFacts, based on WHO. Obesity. Obesity is a chronic physical condition characterized by too much body fat, which results in higher risk for health problems such as high blood pressure, high blood cholesterol, diabetes, heart disease and stroke.. Source: GreenFacts. Body Mass Index BMI - Cholesterol. GreenFacts Summary on Diet and Nutrition Prevention of Chronic Diseases:. Deutsch: Fettleibigkeit. Espaol: Obesidad. Franais: Obsit. Nederlands: Zwaarlijvigheid. This summary is free and ad-free, as is all of our content. You can help us remain free and independant as well as to develop new ways to communicate science by becoming a Patron!

Very good tutorial. :thumbup: Thanks, Michael. I've been using Gimp for a
while but your tutorial will sure help improve my Gimp skills. Like you said
it's free so what more do we want? I can't use EQ programs since I use
Linux so I'm pretty much stuck with Gimp. I might have more questions for
you later. So far so good. :D

Very good tutorial. :thumbup: Thanks, Michael. I've been using Gimp for a
while but your tutorial will sure help improve my Gimp skills. Like you said
it's free so what more do we want? I can't use EQ programs since I use
Linux so I'm pretty much stuck with Gimp. I might have more questions for
you later. So far so good. :D

About company. We are present on the Polish market since . We are a direct importer under the BRIGHTER brand, with representatives in China. In our offer you will find different types of flashlights and pressure monitors. Our products combine the newest of technology, design, as well as superb quality. For meny years now weve been aiming to fulfil customer expectations and complete challenges put before us. The customer is dearest to us. We also supply wholesale shops around Poland as well as abroad.. If you value. - professional product advice. - individual approach towards customers. - high product quality. - bargain prices. That means that you have come to the right place. We will make every possible effort to make your shopping experience a genuine pleasure.. We encourage you to place your orders and we encourage partnership programs as well!

Milenky, matky a jin lesby. Milenky, matky a jin lesby Director: Various, Various, , ,  min. block of short films. Come on Baby. Poor girl! Pv fille!. Alone and pregnant, Esther, nearly thirty, turns down the proposal of her flatmate Gontran, in love with her but totally gay, to raise together her baby.. Puszta Cowboy. The cowboys sweetheart has been kidnapped by an evil Lesbian bandit. Is he man enough to save her?. Wedding Daydream. What are bride and groom dreaming about in those moments in front of the altar, in which they are going to change their lives forever?. You . Sandra helps her mother in a hairdressing parlour that is attended by several regular clients. Sjette, who is one of them, helps hopeless Sandra who is just discovering her own sexual orientation, to find a community of similar women. A film about tolerance and women-identified women.. Buy at Terry Posters. Film poster.  K. Film poster.  K. Film poster.  K. Film poster.  K. Film poster.  K. DVD.  K. DVD. 3 K

Mastering, retaining and sustaining the basics is a fundamental skill necessary for success in any profession . Mastering, retaining and sustaining the basics is a fundamental skill necessary for success in any profession. In order to help our students reach their full potential, to help pass it on to future generations, we must give them the best possible foundation. This years WPPC addresses all the important basic elements of excellence in teaching and music making.. Sessions will address teaching beginning, intermediate and advanced students. Some planned topics include: efficient practice, tone production including examining color; improving listening, music vocabulary, style, rhythm, healthy playing, pedal, improvisation, dealing with parents, distractions, business plans, how to survive periodic income instabilities and a Method Book Morning: dedicated to the examination and discussion of method books.

Description. Keep your frozen food at its best with this chest freezer from Fridgemaster. With a  litre capacity, it can hold  bags of food shopping, making it ideal for medium-sized households. To keep it working at its best, itll need manually defrosting every so often, to prevent too much ice building-up inside. Its economical as well, as its efficient A energy rating is kind on your utility bills. Thanks to the fantastic Winter Guard feature, you can keep this freezer anywhere too, as it will continue to run brilliantly in temperatures as low as - degrees  perfect for chilly garages.

Ashley sings. By editor on Jan ,   In Bass Tournaments, BASS, Bassmaster Classic. B.A.S.S. News. Professional angler Casey Ashley of Donalds SC performs a song at the  Bassmaster Classic. Photo Credit: B.A.S.S... One of the songs likely will be I Am A Fisherman, the tune he debuted when he competed in his first Classic in . Since then, between fishing tournaments and public appearances, hes been working on more songs for a CD he hopes will be ready in time for a summer  release.. Free and open to the public, the Feb. - weigh-ins will be at the New Orleans Arena. For more information about the Classic, click here.

Usually women in their late 3's to late 's, but if you are experiencing any of the symptoms mentioned, it is for anyone over . This programme will help you recognise and alleviate your symptoms.



WHO IS THIS PROGRAMME FOR?



Any woman who is feeling tired, overwhelmed, anxious, irritated, emotional, angry and impatient more than usual and feel like they are just constantly in rush mode. Any woman who is dealing with PMS or perimenopause symptoms like tender breasts each month, heavy or irregular periods, period cramps, mood swings, low libido, aches and pains and hot flushesnight sweats. Any women who is dealing with stress, sleep issues, digestive problems, low immunity and so on. Any woman who has tried a tonne of diets and exercise regimes in their life. Any woman who is feeling like they are doing everything for everyone else and just feeling damn unappreciated for it. Any woman who is feeling like this is now MY time.

WILL I HAVE TO EAT AND DRINK THINGS THAT I DON'T LIKE AND TAKE A LOT OF SUPPLEMENTS?

No! You'll never have to eat anything you don't like. But, you'll be encouraged to discover foods that support and nourish you. Over time your taste buds will change and you will start seeking out these foods naturally. With regards to food and drinks it's about switching to healthier options that are right for your body type, as opposed to whatever it is you may have been eating before. But, it's not about perfection - you'll learn to still enjoy 'treat' foods now and again without any bingeing or guilt.

Youll never be pressured to take any supplements that are suggested to you.



CAN I DO THIS IF I HAVE A MEDICAL CONDITION?



If you have a medical condition, then I recommend sharing the information with your physiciandoctor. You can always adjust the meals to accommodate your health needs.



Note: This is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.

I AM UNABLE TO EAT DAIRY OR GLUTEN AND HAVE OTHER FOOD INTOLERANCES, WILL THIS AFFECT MY ABILITY TO PARTICIPATE?

Not at all. You can list foods that you don't like or have an intolerance to and this is all incorporated into your profile. No matter what your eating habits look like now, this plan will help you to make them better.



HOW DOES THIS COURSE RUN?

The first session is creating your online profile and determining your body type through bone measurements and questionnaires. This usually takes one and half hours. After that it is an hour long one on one coaching session every fortnight. We can meet in person, online or over the phone - what ever suits you.



WHAT IF I FEEL TOO BUSY TO DO EVERYTHING?

Then this programme is perfect for you. We make changes at your pace, one step at a time.

As much as possible, they physicians need to be encouraged to provide the same extent of care they would provide someone without a disability.  Carl V. Tyler, M.D.. What should a visit to a primary care physician accomplish for an adult with a developmental disability? Can most doctors be expected to spot common health problems? How can a support person or case manager help the doctor accurately diagnose a patient who has significant communication issues? In this helpful manual, Dr. Tyler offers the reader:. - Descriptions of common health care needs of this population. - Tips for working with physicians. - Warnings about issues such as under-recognized health problems and adverse drug reactions. - Guidelines for screenings. - Checklists for preventative health care. - A list of resources to contact for more information. - A glossary of medical terms.. Reviews. There are no reviews yet.

Response of Triatoma infestans to pour-on cypermethrin applied to chickens under laboratory conditions.
This article reports the effects of a pour-on formulation of cypermethrin  active ingredient applied to chickens exposed to Triatoma infestans, the main vector of Chagas disease in rural houses of the Gran Chaco Region of South America. This study was designed as a completely random experiment with three experimental groups and five replicates. Third instar nymphs were fed on chickens treated with ,  and  cc of the formulation. Nymphs were allowed to feed on the chickens at different time intervals after the insecticide application. Third-instar nymphs fed on treated chickens showed a higher mortality, took less blood during feeding and had a lower moulting rate. The mortality rate was highest seven days after the insecticide solution application and blood intake was affected until 3 days after the application of the solution.

This system was designed for application in large size equipment sugar mills, steel mills, etc... Double Line System may operate both with oil and grease to be intermittently and alternately pumped to dividers by means of two main lines, avoiding so lossof pressure head in the system as a function of large distances between points to be lubricated.. Several optional devices such as controllers, inverting valves, relief valves, safety valves, strainers, etc., allow ample choice in meeting requirements of each project and installation. 

. The Homeless World Cup teams are selected: to Amsterdam September - will this year travel  mensmixed teams and  womens teams. Five teams are making debut appearances: Israel m, Grenada m, Belgium w, Finland w, and Egypt w.. The powerhouse Brazilian men and Mexican women retain their places as top seeds once again this year, after fourth and second place finishes respectively in . Last years dual winner Chile  claim the second seed placing going into Amsterdam .. Read more .... Our new book based on the Daphne III funded European research was posted on Kates blog as well.. Visit Kates blog for more.. Page  of 3.

Math Advance. Math Advance is a course that focuses on solidifying a strong foundation for the upcoming academic year. First, we assess our students to make sure that all concepts covered in the previous academic year have been mastered. Second, we re-teach any concepts until the student can score in the  percentile. Once this first phase is accomplished we start our course by teaching from the outlines below a different concept every week, following up with a weekly homework assignment and a pre-lesson Quiz to make sure the concept has been retained. The material covered is based on the upcoming years core concepts with the goal that these bases will catapult students into success in the upcoming year.. Table of Contents. Click for more.

fotimepodcast.com. Episode 3: Ham Radio & Scouting. Rick DeWeese KJWHO is more than a Scout Master . Hes also an Amateur Radio Operator and a Podcaster from Upstate South Carolina. Rick and I met on Facebook not long after Fo Time went live. Weve kicked the idea of getting together for a show for almost a year nowand here it is.. His Troop, known as the Amateur Radio Troop is led by Rick and his assistant, who is also a Ham. Join us as we discuss how He compliments his Scouting with the Magic of Ham Radio.. In many of the past shows weve tried to nail down ways to bring todays youth into Ham Radio. In Episode 3 Rick shares his insight and methods for involving kids with the hobby.. Ricks BrushnSoapnBlade Podcast. Visit Our Show Sponsor-MTCradio.com. Thanks for Listening,. Cale, KCDN. Dont forget to click on the Share Links Below!. Wanna Support the Show?. Podcast: Play in new window  Download. Subscribe: iTunes  Android  Email  RSS. One comment

The company owns strong independent research and development strength and multiple national-level design and invention patents. It possesses a high-tech product R & D team, establishes product quality advantages and sets up a complete management system and operation system to quickly boost the corporate development; it has finely-shaped corporate culture with advanced operation and management philosophy and excellent tradition and exceeding customers expectations with excellent quality is the companys persistent operating principle.

MINNEAPOLIS--BUSINESS WIRE--The board of directors of Target Corporation NYSE:TGT has declared a quarterly dividend of 3 cents per common share, representing a . percent increase from the prior quarterly dividend of 3 cents. The dividend is payable September , 3 to shareholders of record at the close of business August , 3. The 3rd quarter dividend will be the companys th consecutive dividend paid since October  when the company became publicly.

On February , , members of the Black Student Union & BAAMWISE will host the th Annual Black History Celebration. This year's celebration will highlight African American History through monologues, dance, poetry and song. The purpose of this event is to educate students on the struggles and victories in the African American community past and present. We will have trivia questions, give-a-ways and raffles for students and families who attend. The goal of this event is to ensure all humans have a sense of belonging, courage and love for all mankind.. The doors will open at : pm and the event will commence at :3 pm. The theme is Black In Time.

The Rangeford Villages vision - to create beautiful, aspirational places for residents to enjoy later life, in safe, secure and homely surroundings. We treat our residents as individuals and seek to understand their specific needs and desires and always look to exceed their expectations. We aim to be a premier retirement village operator in England and strive to build the next generation of innovative retirement communities, creating long term value for our residents, staff and investors.

Please enable javascript to view this page in its intended format.. In today's world, religion is a crucial factor in many social and political situations. Our programs of study at the School of Religion seek to foster knowledge and understanding of religion in its wide variety of global and local forms.. The School of Religion at Queen's University offers academic programs in Religious Studies, including:. Our vision is to a quality leader in religious studies in Canada, developing exceptional scholarship and leadership for service in a global society.. Theological Studies. In January , the Dean initiated the Senate Policy and Procedures for the closing of the Theology programs.

Franchisee training and development. We offer exceptional support throughout your journey to build a successful and profitable business. You will be trained and supported in all aspects of the operational, financial, and marketing skills that make for a successful franchise.. Walfinch has great initial training and support from the outset and the continuous support has been excellent so far.. Tiffany Meachim - Walfinch Mansfield.

Allergy and Asthma: Allergic Rhinitis and Allergic Conjunctivitis.
Allergic rhinitis and allergic conjunctivitis are among the most common conditions seen in family medicine practice. Most cases are due to seasonal allergens, such as pollens, or year-round allergens, such as dust mites, mold, and animal dander. The clinical diagnosis can be made when symptoms of nasal congestion, sneezing, rhinorrhea, nasal or ocular pruritus, or eye tearing are present along with physical findings, such as clear rhinorrhea, pale nasal mucosa, or red watery eyes. Patients should be assessed for any comorbid conditions, such as asthma or eczema, and for symptoms that indicate impaired quality of life, such as poor sleep, daytime somnolence, or irritability. Prevention involves allergen avoidance and environmental controls. Monotherapy with oral antihistamines, intranasal steroids, or intranasal antihistamines are the initial management options for nasal and ocular symptoms. Antihistamine eye drops are fast-acting and safe for management of ocular symptoms; intranasal antihistamines are effective for nasal symptoms. Current guidelines recommend against combining intranasal steroids and oral antihistamines, as this provides no additional benefit. Select patients also may benefit from allergy skin testing or consideration for allergen immunotherapy.

.. From powertrain to connectivity  Bosch provides everything from a single source. Like barely any other automotive supplier, Bosch is an expert in all the technolo-gies kilo-meters worth of testing before it can be released for production. Bosch is work-ing fur-ther  by up to a third in Germany alone. And automated driving makes road traf-fic not only safer, but also more efficient. U.S. studies indicate that applying pre-dictive driving strategies when on the freeway can result in fuel savings of. up to 3 percent. However, a car with an autopilot also opens up a new driving. experience  it becomes a home on wheels.. Related link:. Press photos: -CC-, -UBK-, -UBK-. Contact person for press inquiries: Jrn Ebberg, phone:   -3

. Structural Steel. Nuno Iron offers a full range of structural steel services. Our projects range from heavy and complex structural projects to light commercial buildings. Our present facility houses the equipment and personnel capable of handling all types and sizes of structural steel. With more than one million tons of structural steel fabricated over the past  years, Nuno Iron is proud of the quality reputation that Nuno has set for its self. With decades of experience specializing in steel construction, increase your next project's efficiency by working with us.. Powered for Nuo Iron Inc. by NI Indistries

Semiconductor chip power is typically supplied on-chip at a single, predetermined voltage level. Chip designers typically specify a single, predetermined voltage level for reasons of standardization and convenience. Accordingly, as chip standards migrate from one on-chip voltage level to another, difficulties arise during transition periods. During such times of transition, new chips designed to operate at voltage levels according to the new standard voltage level may desirably be mounted on circuit boards and be incorporated into electronic systems designed to operate at the former standard voltage level.
Unfortunately, semiconductor chips designed to the new standard voltage will not generally make provision to accommodate the voltage level previously widely recognized and followed. It is typically presumed that either the entire electronics system into which the new chip design is to be incorporated will operate at the new voltage level, or that some off-chip solution will be provided to create voltage compatibility between subsystems and chips operating at separate voltage level.
Additionally, in the general case, a chip which operates at a given voltage level is not able to recognize that it has been provided with a nonstandard voltage level. There has been a failure of semiconductor chip designers to provide an on-chip solution for power provided at an arbitrary voltage level to be automatically converted to a desired internal operating voltage level. This creates serious compatibility problems for the semiconductor industry daring a period of accelerating miniaturization.
This increased miniaturization of chip geometries in the semiconductor industry makes it increasingly necessary to develop new solutions and chip designs which can accommodate a plurality of on-chip voltage levels. One aspect of the trend toward miniaturization is the use of increasingly thin gate oxide layers for CMOS devices fabricated in the industry. This has resulted in an increased recent motivation and an urgent need for semiconductor circuits to be able to accommodate both . volt and 3.3 volt on-chip voltage levels. It is anticipated that in the near future even lower on-chip voltage levels, such as for example . volts and . volts are likely to develop into the required circuit design norm.
It is accordingly an object of the invention herein to provide an on-chip voltage conversion solution for semiconductor chips manufactured during technology transition periods in which the semiconductor industry worldwide converts from one standard internal semiconductor chip voltage level to another.
It is an object of the invention herein to develop semiconductor circuit chips which are operable at a plurality of internal semiconductor chip voltage levels.
It is yet another object of the invention herein to provide an on-chip semiconductor design approach which converts internal voltage levels from a standard . voltage level to 3.3 volts.

The Edit Tips & Advice. Recommended. Tips for your first week in a new job. Finished University? Where to begin to start looking for a job. An open letter to graduates of . UNiDAYS is planting k trees for Earth Day.  tips to look after your mental health at university. Trending.  CV-boosting activities you can pick up whilst at uni. Revision: what type of learner are you?.  tips to boss clearing. Guest blogger FAQs: What you need to know.

Wynn Resorts, one of Las Vegas most successful and respected gaming companies, commissioned the design and build of Tryst Nightclub at Wynn Las Vegas. Wynn Resorts turned to the team at Coherent Design, to develop, design, and install the sound systems for this new nightclub. The club with its indoor and outdoor environments was Wynns first venture into the already highly competitive world of Las Vegas nightclubs. The design and implementation speaks for itself. The club has been one of Las Vegas most successful nightlife projects. Even after five years in operation the club was awarded Nightclub of the Year by Nightclub and Bar Magazine. Tryst continues to be at the center of Las Vegas nightlife with little to no changes to the original sound, lighting, and projection system designed by Coherent Design.. Venue: Tryst Nightclub. AV Contractor: Ford Audio Video

Air conditioning installation is a rather complex process which only expert technicians equipped with highly specialised tools; materials and equipment are capable of carrying out to everyones satisfaction. Air conditioners are expensive devices and as such you require the services of a firm that has expert and knowledgeable technicians who can do a supremely good 

Arugula Salad with beets, tomato and feta cheese. Ingredients:. 3 bag of arugula leaves.  beets, scrub the dirt away.  tomatoes, chopped into pieces.  teaspoon salt.  cup torn feta cheese. Dressing:. Ingredients:.  tablespoon lemon juice. 3 tablespoon olive oil.  tablespoon honey.  teaspoon salt.  teaspoon ground pepper. Scrub the beets of any dirt and coat them with oil and boil the beets in a pot of boiling water for  to 3 minutes. Set aside and let the beets cool. Chop into beet slices.. In a large bowl add arugula leaves, tomatoes, beet slices and salt.. Make dressing by adding all the ingredients in a small bowl.. Add dressing. Add feta cheese. Mix the salad and serve.. Please add walnuts to this salad if you like. It will provide some crunch.

Q:

central limit theorem VS standard deviation of multiple group means

I understand that we can estimate confidence interval of sample mean using CLT. However, I am wondering if we could treat mean value of each sampled group data as a single data entry and estimate their standard deviation to finish this calculation? Or where is wrong about this approach? An example,
If I have the following  groups of measurements, which follows normal distribution with mean3, stand deviation. 
    groupmean  groupsd Ob     Ob     Ob3    Ob     Ob
group  33.3   .    3.   3.   .   3.   33.3
group  .   .   3.   3.3   3.   3.3   .
group3  .3   .    .3   .   33.3   3.   .
group  .   .3    .   .3   3.   .   .

If I treat each group mean as a data point 33.3, ., .3, . and the mean is . and standard deviation sample is ..
So can I assume the confidence interval of sample mean  . - t.??
Thanks in advance!

A:

Theoretically, the standard error is the standard deviation for the sampling distribution.  In this case, what you have proposed is to sample from the sampling distribution  times obtaining  means. The standard deviation of these values should provide an approximation for the standard deviation of the sampling distribution...i.e., the standard error. Conceptually, if you are using the correct $t$-distribution using the correct degrees of freedom, it seems as though this should produce a reasonable result.
Follow-up
I am not convinced this strategy will work unless the correct degrees of freedom are used for the grouped means data set. Here is a brief simulation that shows that you obtain about  incorrect conclusions with a  confidence interval treating the data as an aggregate data set. But using the group means with different critical values does not produce the same results:

 set random seed
set.seed3
 formula for CI:  x-bar  t.cv  SDn
 tcv for  confidence interval with df and others
t.cv - qt-.,
t.cv - qt-.,
t.cv3 - qt-.,
 generate data sets with mean  and stdev 
n.sim - 
check.TF. - rep.intNA,n.sim
check.TF. - check.TF.
check.TF.3 - check.TF.
check.TF. - check.TF.
grps - ceiling:
fori in :n.sim 
   x - rnorm,,
   grp.Ms - aggregatexgrps,FUNmean,
   CI - meanx  c-,t.cvsdxsqrt
   chk - CI      CI
   check.TF.i - chk
   CI - meanx  c-,t.cvsdgrp.Ms
   chk - CI      CI
   check.TF.i - chk
   CI - meanx  c-,t.cv3sdgrp.Ms
   chk - CI      CI
   check.TF.3i - chk
   CI - meanx  c-,t.cvsdgrp.Ms
   chk - CI      CI
   check.TF.i - chk
   
tablecheck.TF.
tablecheck.TF.
tablecheck.TF.3
tablecheck.TF.



MA Homes for Sale. Real Estate Listings: Homes for Sale in Massachusetts  Western Massachusetts. $,. Estimate Mortgage Check Your Credit Score.  Northampton St.. Holyoke, MA . Special Offer. $,. For SaleEstimate Mortgage  Check Your Credit Score . Type:Lots and Land. Source ID:33. Listed: days ago.  Northampton St.. Holyoke, MA . Type:Lots and Land. Source ID:33. Listed: days ago. Published with REALTORr Association of Pioneer Valley on .. Updated . Location location location on route  in Holyoke just before Delaney House and towards Northampton! This parcel of land holds many possibilities! Potential residentialcondo development or business. Was previously approved for a  unit condo development. Buyer to do due diligence with town for usage. Zoned BH. Total taxes, assessment and acreage is from three separate deeds. Please call for additional information.. Exterior. Acres:. Lot Description:. - Wooded. Lot:.. Updated .

Have you ever watched how contagious a yawn is? If one person in a group yawns, the entire group joins in. This can be explained by empathy. Lack of empathy is the key characteristic that distinguishes a true, pathological, dangerous narcissist, from someone that is just really, really, arrogant.

The same area of the brain is activated in yawn contagion as is activated by empathy. Autistic children, for instance, do not show yawn contagion. Is it possible, that narcissists do not shown yawn contagion either?

I need your help with this. This is what I would like you to do.

. In a group of average people, friends, co-workers or in line at the store, fake a deep long yawn and then pay attention to how many people yawn as well. This is the control, the first step. It is important to know that your fake yawn works with normal people.

. If the step above does not result in other people yawning, work on your yawn until it is contagious reliably.

3. Yawn, in a way that you know elicits others to yawn with someone that you know is a narcissist. Observe their response.

. Report back here, yes or no, whether or not known narcissists have yawn contagion.

One final appeal. This would be an incredibly useful and handy tool if it is accurate. What we dont know right now is if it is accurate, so I would like you to try it. I know that many of you know narcissists! Please try this. If we had a simple, socially acceptable tool for pre-screening people for narcissism, think of how much simpler our lives would be.

Happy Yawning

Does Lack of Yawn Contagion Predict Narcissism?

Share this: Twitter

Facebook

Reddit

Pinterest

Tumblr

Pocket

Email

Print

LinkedIn



Doors of the European Union EU are open for Montenegro- this is what the President of European Parliament Antonio Tajani told in an interview with the public broadcaster of Montenegro TVCG.

Montenegro is the leader among countries wishing to join the EU and that should happen in  years, Tajani also said. We love Montenegro and we want to cooperate with it. Our doors are open for Montenegro.

Despite challenges the EU has been recently facing e.g. the next-year election, Brexit, migrant crisis and the enlargement policy, Tajani hopes our country will join the EU by .

We have  years more. Montenegro could become the full EU member state if only we worked hard. We also have to improve the stability of the EU. Montenegro is a frontrunner for  EU membership, Tajani told.

The European Parliament President emphasizes our country plays a key role for the stability of the Western Balkans, which is also very important for the stability of the EU.

I know what you're thinking...what good is that going to do? Well, I will tell you...patience is a virtue! No, seriously...this site, along with the family of sites connected to it, allows web visitors to click on the Click to Give - It's FREE button and add your support to their endeavor. Their goal is to provide books to those not as able to afford them. The sponsors of the site pay for the books, all you have to do is CLICK. Want to help donate an added bonus? Check out their merchandise. A portion of all purchases made in their store also go to this fantastic cause.. Help support this amazing cause today and share the joy of reading with the future of tomorrow.. Feel free to leave your comments and feedback!. Until next time...happy reading!

Two Healthy Diets Modulate Gut Microbial Community Improving Insulin Sensitivity in a Human Obese Population.
Gut microbiota, which acts collectively as a fully integrated organ in the host metabolism, can be shaped by long-term dietary interventions after a specific diet. The aim was to study the changes in microbiota after  year's consumption of a Mediterranean diet Med diet or a low-fat, high-complex carbohydrate diet LFHCC diet in an obese population. Participants were randomized to receive the Med diet 3 fat,  monounsaturated and the LFHCC diet  fat,  monounsaturated. The study was conducted in  obese patients men within the Coronary Diet Intervention With Olive Oil and Cardiovascular Prevention CORDIOPREV study, an ongoing prospective, randomized, opened, controlled trial in patients with coronary heart disease. We evaluated the bacterial composition and its relationship with the whole fecal and plasma metabolome. The LFHCC diet increased the Prevotella and decreased the Roseburia genera, whereas the Med diet decreased the Prevotella and increased the Roseburia and Oscillospira genera P  ., ., and ., respectively. The abundance of Parabacteroides distasonis P  . and Faecalibacterium prausnitzii P  . increased after long-term consumption of the Med diet and the LFHCC diet, respectively. The changes in the abundance of  of  metabolites found in feces, including mainly amino acid, peptide, and sphingolipid metabolism, could be linked to the changes in the gut microbiota. Our results suggest that long-term consumption of the Med and LFHCC diets exerts a protective effect on the development of type  diabetes by different specific changes in the gut microbiota, increasing the abundance of the Roseburia genus and F. prausnitzii, respectively.

The Arabidopsis arenosa complex is closely related to the model plant Arabidopsis thaliana. Species and subspecies in the complex are mainly biennial, predominantly outcrossing, herbaceous, and with a distribution range covering most parts of latitudes and the eastern reaches of Europe. In this study we present the first comprehensive evolutionary history of the A. arenosa species complex, covering its natural range, by using chromosome counts, nuclear AFLP data, and a maternally inherited marker from the chloroplast genome trnL intron trnL and trnLF intergenic spacer trnLF-IGS of tRNALeu and tRNAPhe, respectively. We unravel the broad-scale cytogeographic and phylogeographic patterns of diploids and tetraploids. Diploid cytotypes were exclusively found on the Balkan Peninsula and in the Carpathians while tetraploid cytotypes were found throughout the remaining distribution range of the A. arenosa complex. Three centers of genetic diversity were identified: the Balkan Peninsula, the Carpathians, and the unglaciated Eastern and Southeastern Alps. All three could have served as long-term refugia during Pleistocene climate oscillations. We hypothesize that the Western Carpathians were and still are the cradle of speciation within the A. arenosa complex due to the high species number and genetic diversity and the concurrence of both cytotypes there.

As a community-based nonprofit, we rely heavily on the support of volunteers to assist in carrying out the day-to-day activities of Tree Street Youth. Volunteers help us reduce the costs of program delivery and serve in a variety of capacities based on our current needs. From local community members to college students, we welcome volunteers of all ages and backgrounds, and we encourage you to share your voice and perspective with our youth.

 December  - Daily Current Affairs

. Sonam Kapoor named PETA Indias  Person of the Year

Bollywood actress Sonam Kapoor has been named People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals PETA Indias Person of the Year for .

Sonam Kapoor has been feted as she sings in praise of vegan eating and because she keeps animal skins out of her handbag line for her fashion brand Rheson, apart from taking other action for the welfare of animals.

Rajkumar Shukla made a seminal contribution culminating in the launch of the Champaran Satyagraha in  by Mahatma Gandhi ji.

With this stamp, the Communication Department has released 3 issues in the current calendar year.

Note:

The Champaran movement was the first civil disobedience movement launched by Mahatma Gandhi in protest against the injustice meted out to tenant farmers in Champaran district in Bihar.

. Assam govt approves debt relief scheme for farmers

The Assam state cabinet headed by Chief Minister Sarbanand Sonowal has approved the debt relief scheme for the farmers of the state.

The state cabinet decided to waive  of loan amount to the farmers.

The maximum relief per farmer would be capped at  thousand rupees.

The cabinet also decided that a farmer could avail a Kisan Credit Card KCC loan at  interest.

Farmers incentive scheme also approved by the state cabinet, under which  thousand rupees would be given to farmers having bad debts for taking a loan under KCC.

Important Days

. Goa celebrating th Liberation day today

Today, Goa is celebrating its th Liberation Day.

The state was liberated on this day th December in  from Portuguese control after almost  years of colonial rule.

The state-level Goa Liberation Day programme to be held in Panaji in North Goa.

Goa is a state in India within the coastal region known as the Konkan in Western India, bounded by Maharashtra to the north and Karnataka to the east and south, with the Arabian Sea forming its Western coast.

It is India's smallest state by area and the fourth smallest by population.

Obituaries

. Former PM of Nepal Tulsi Giri passes away

Former Prime Minister of Nepal Tulsi Giri 3-years passed away at his residence in Kathmandu.

Dr. Giri was suffering from liver cancer for a long time.

Dr. Giri had served twice as the prime minister of Nepal first  to  and from  to .

International Affairs

. New Zealand to phase out plastic shopping bags

In New Zealand, regulations for mandatory phase-out of single-use plastic shopping bags will take effect from st July .

Retailers will no longer be able to sell or give away single-use plastic shopping bags from July next year.

National Appointments

The interim chief of Central Bureau Investigation CBI M Nageswara Rao -batch IPS officer-Odisha cadre has been promoted to the rank of an Additional Director by the Appointments Committee of the Cabinet.

Rao was appointed as interim chief of the CBI No. 3 after the government stepped in between the fight of CBI Director Alok Verma and Special Director Rakesh Asthana.

After his appointment, the Centre had sent both Verma and Asthana on a leave with immediate effect.

. SEBI gets first full-time chief vigilance officer

Arti Chhabra Srivastava Indian Ordinance Factory Services officer--batch has been appointed as the SEBIs first full-time Chief Vigilance Officer CVO.

The appointment was duly approved by the Central Vigilance Commission CVC.

CVOs are considered an extended hand of the CVC, which is tasked with detecting graft by officials holding public office.

The SEBI CVO will mainly keep tabs on its officials and detect & punish corruption and other malpractices.

The CVO will also have to examine the existing rules and procedures of the organisation to eliminate or minimise the scope for corruption and malpractices.

Friends of Conservation was founded in  to prevent degradation of the Masai Mara. It now runs conservation projects worldwide and is committed to working with local people to promote a balance between their needs and those of the wildlife with which they share their natural habitat.. Friends of Conservation support the Selous Black Rhino Protection Project. The Selous Rhino population has dropped by  since the s and is critically endangered in the Selous so this project is vital in ensuring that the few remaining rhino do not disappear.. Explore are patrons of Friends of Conservation; we aim to protect endangered wildlife and their habitats by working closely with local communities, and exploring practical ways in which they can utilise natural resources more sustainably.. Please visit for further information.

This NCEPOD report highlights the process of care of elderly patients who died within 3 days of emergency or elective surgery. The report takes a critical look at areas where the care of patients might have been improved, from lack of input from Medicine for the Care of Older People to the level of pain relief provided. Remediable factors have also been identified in the clinical and the organisational care of these patients.

Comfortable family boat with plenty of room and full sliding canopy. Warm air heating.  Volt system..  Double and  Single.  Toilets and  Showers.. Week start day: Monday, Tuesday, Friday or Saturday. Short break start day: Monday or Friday.. Will normally pass under Wroxham Bridge at suitable tides but3. Sleeps  - . Sliding canopy over saloon DVD player Microwave  Bedrooms plus saloon bedMore info

Google offers an unprecedented look inside some of its global data centers. To see more photos from inside Googles Data Centers, click here.. Take a Look Inside Googles Data Centers. Council Bluffs, Iowa  Hovering above the floor in Council Bluffs, Iowa, the scale of the data center begins to take shape. Huge steel beams both support the structure and help distribute power.

SAS Type  Audit . All,. I have a client which is a PCI certified Service Provider.. But now some of their clients are asking for SAS  Type  certification. I would appreciate if anyone can answer the following questions:. - What critical areas would be covered in a SAS  type  audit?. - Considering that client is already PCI certified, would it help the client to expedite the SAS  certification process?. - The scope of SAS  testing would be the whole processing environment which handles credit card and PII data, how long would it take to be SAS  type  compliant?. - The organization is a Level  service provider with  staff members, so you can imagine its a small organization, what will be the estimated cost of the SAS  type  audit?. I would appreciate if you could answer the above questions at your earliest convenience.. Best Regards,. Mo

Like many kids who grew up in the s, Simon Pegg was always a fan of Star Trek. But he never imagined that one day, he would get to play a main character and act alongside one of his idols.

Simon Pegg landed the role of a lifetime when he became the new Scotty in the latest Star Trek series. But for the actor, his memories of Star Trek as a child were much different from those that others had. Pegg told MTV that he became a fan as a young boy, but not by watching the original series with William Shatner and Leonard Nimoy.

The British actor said he learned to love the story through an animated series in the s that came out after the original show ended.

I was watching that before I saw the live-action show in the very early s and then watching the original TV show in  or  when I was on holiday. BBC used to show it at  oclock every night, so Id watch it while I had my dinner, Pegg said. I used to just love it because it was this strange, odd, kind of thoughtful show that was all about sci-fi, which I love. I have very strong memories of it as a child.

That inspired child grew up to be a successful actor and filmmaker, but nothing could compare to meeting one of his childhood heroes. Pegg was one of the only Spock fans who got to meet the actual character.

What was weird was actually getting to act with Leonard Nimoy and acting with a character that Ive known since I was a kid, not just the actor, but the character, he said. When Spock spoke to me as Spock, it was mind blowing.

Peggs film The Worlds End is in theaters now. He teamed up with actors he has worked with on many of his other films, including Hot Fuzz and Shaun of the Dead.

The Worlds End is about childhood friends getting older and going home again. Pegg said it came at the right time, and he is glad they waited to make the film they have been thinking about for years.

I dont think we could have made the film when we had the idea, because we needed another six years of living in order to say what we wanted to say, he told The New York Times back in August.

The Worlds End has already pulled in nearly $ million worldwide. Star Trek Into Darkness is now available on Blu-ray and DVD.

Photo courtesy Brian ToWENN.com


Mortal man, he said, denounce the rulers of Israel. Prophesy to them, and tell them what I, the Sovereign Lord, say to them: You are doomed, you shepherds of Israel! You take care of yourselves, but never tend the sheep.

3
You drink the milk, wear clothes made from the wool, and kill and eat the finest sheep. But you never tend the sheep.


You have not taken care of the weak ones, healed the ones that are sick, bandaged the ones that are hurt, brought back the ones that wandered off, or looked for the ones that were lost. Instead, you treated them cruelly.


Because the sheep had no shepherd, they were scattered, and wild animals killed and ate them. 


So my sheep wandered over the high hills and the mountains. They were scattered over the face of the earth, and no one looked for them or tried to find them.


Now, you shepherds, listen to what I, the Lord, am telling you.


As surely as I am the living God, you had better listen to me. My sheep have been attacked by wild animals that killed and ate them because there was no shepherd. My shepherds did not try to find the sheep. They were taking care of themselves and not the sheep.


So listen to me, you shepherds.


I, the Sovereign Lord, declare that I am your enemy. I will take my sheep away from you and never again let you be their shepherds; never again will I let you take care only of yourselves. I will rescue my sheep from you and not let you eat them.


I, the Sovereign Lord, tell you that I myself will look for my sheep and take care of them


in the same way as shepherds take care of their sheep that were scattered and are brought together again. I will bring them back from all the places where they were scattered on that dark, disastrous day.

3
I will take them out of foreign countries, gather them together, and bring them back to their own land. I will lead them back to the mountains and the streams of Israel and will feed them in pleasant pastures.


I will let them graze in safety in the mountain meadows and the valleys and in all the green pastures of the land of Israel.


I myself will be the shepherd of my sheep, and I will find them a place to rest. I, the Sovereign Lord, have spoken.


I will look for those that are lost, bring back those that wander off, bandage those that are hurt, and heal those that are sick; but those that are fat and strong I will destroy, because I am a shepherd who does what is right.


Now then, my flock, I, the Sovereign Lord, tell you that I will judge each of you and separate the good from the bad, the sheep from the goats.


Some of you are not satisfied with eating the best grass; you even trample down what you don't eat! You drink the clear water and muddy what you don't drink!


My other sheep have to eat the grass you trample down and drink the water you muddy.


So now, I, the Sovereign Lord, tell you that I will judge between you strong sheep and the weak sheep.


You pushed the sick ones aside and butted them away from the flock.


But I will rescue my sheep and not let them be mistreated any more. I will judge each of my sheep and separate the good from the bad.

3
I will give them a king like my servant David to be their one shepherd, and he will take care of them. 


I, the Lord, will be their God, and a king like my servant David will be their ruler. I have spoken. 3


I will make a covenant with them that guarantees their security. I will get rid of all the dangerous animals in the land, so that my sheep can live safely in the fields and sleep in the forests.


I will bless them and let them live around my sacred hill. There I will bless them with showers of rain when they need it.


The trees will bear fruit, the fields will produce crops, and everyone will live in safety on his own land. When I break my people's chains and set them free from those who made them slaves, then they will know that I am the Lord.


The heathen nations will not plunder them any more, and the wild animals will not kill and eat them. They will live in safety, and no one will terrify them.


I will give them fertile fields and put an end to hunger in the land. The other nations will not sneer at them any more.

3
Everyone will know that I protect Israel and that they are my people. I, the Sovereign Lord, have spoken.

3
You, my sheep, the flock that I feed, are my people, and I am your God, says the Sovereign Lord.

Le Phare de Qubec, a distinctive landmark at the gateway to a great city. Michel Dallaire, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Groupe Dallaire, unveiled.. Press release. Qubec City's technology incubatoraccelerator is ready to welcome entrepreneurs. Qubec International and the City of Qubec announced.. Canadas major cities deploy a unique collaborative approach to attract new investments to Canada.. Ivanho Cambridge invests $ million in Quebec City's Place Ste-F.. Qubec City Jean Lesage International Airport : growing and getting results to better serve passengers. Aroport de Qubec inc. AQi Board Chair Andr Fortin and President and CEO Gatan Gagn.. Ivanho Cambridge begins an important redevelopment project at Laurier Qubec. Ivanho Cambridge announced.. Infrastructure Support in Qubec City. Prime Minister Stephen Harper today.

Capturing Genuine Moments. Annapolis photographer. hi, i'm heather.. I'm a tattooed, nerdy, Furby that's right, I said Furby... collector who would LOVE to photograph your wedding! I became a photographer because I wanted to freeze a moment. I wanted to tell a story. I wanted to make people feel something when they looked at my photos. I capture genuine moments. I will pose you for your photos, but I prefer to take pictures of the times when you arent paying any attention to me at all, the moments in-between the poses and the moments where you are laughing with your partner or kids about how silly you feel. I let you be yourself and want you to enjoy the session. Lets face it, being photographed is awkward and we need to have fun with it and laugh at ourselves or our kids to make it as enjoyable of a time as possible. starting at $. NABSD Approved Business Partner. LIFESTYLE & FAMILY. starting at $. Please inquire for special event pricing and corporate branding and group headshot packages.

Caf Yumm!

Caf Yumm! is a fast casual restaurant chain with outlets in the Pacific Northwest of the United States.

Founded in Eugene, Oregon, Caf Yumm! outlets focus on fast, casual, cheap, and healthy cuisine, and some menu items feature the company's original signature sauce.

History
Caf Yumm! was founded in  when owners Mary Ann and Mark Beauchamp converted their unsuccessful juice bar into a fast casual restaurant. Central to the new menu were the Yumm! Bowl and its Yumm! Sauce, both developed earlier by Mary Ann Beauchamp at her former restaurant, Wild Rose Caf & Deli. The company opened a second location in Eugene in  and a third in , and in  the company began to franchise. The chain grew to  locations by , with two franchises in Bend, Oregon. 

The chain opened its 3rd location in Eagle, Idaho, in February, , as part of a three-outlet plan that includes two future Boise locations.

Estimated annual revenue for the company is $. million with an estimate of  employees.

Menu
The Caf Yumm! menu consists of five categories: three sizes of rice bowls layered with organic beans, Yumm! Sauce, and Deluxe Toppings shredded Tillamook cheddar cheese, tomatoes, avocado, sour cream, black olives, and cilantro, sandwiches and wraps, salads, soups, and bentos. More than  percent of the food served at Caf Yumm! restaurants is certified organic.

Yumm! Sauce 
Caf Yumm! co-founder Mary Ann Beauchamp developed the recipe for Yumm! Sauce in the 's. The company's original signature sauce is made with a base of almonds, garbanzo beans, soy beans, lemon juice, oil, herbs, and nutritional yeast. The sauce is used on a variety of menu items at Caf Yumm! restaurants and a commercial version of the sauce is sold in over  grocery stores throughout the Pacific Northwest and through the company's online store.

Reception and Awards

Caf Yumm! has been named The Register-Guard's Readers Choice for Best Lunch Bargain and Favorite Vegetarian in readers' polls many times since . The company was also recognized as Most Environmentally Friendly Business in . Caf Yumm! has been named in the Eugene Weekly's Best Of for a variety of awards including Best Vegetarian, Best Eats Under $, and Best Cheap Eats from  to . 

QSR Magazine included Caf Yumm! in the   List of America's Hottest Startup Fast Casuals.

References 

Category:Restaurant chains
Category:Fast casual restaurants
Category:Restaurants in Oregon
Category:Companies based in Eugene, Oregon
Category: establishments in Oregon

The basic hypothesis of this proposal is that the ability of alpha adrenergic agonists to stimulate the Na pump of vascular smooth muscle may be related to the activation of Na influx andor intracellular Ca release which are alpha-mediated events or the influx of extracellular Ca which is an alpha-mediated event. The project will be aimed at investigating this hypothesis in both quiescent and proliferating cultured vascular smooth muscle cells. These culture systems may serve as a model of normal, differentiated vascular cells quiescent or as a model of certain disease states such as atherosclerosis or hypertension in which cells are proliferating. Cells maintained under quiescent or proliferating conditions will be characterized with respect to Na pump number by quantitating 3H-ouabain binding, turnover rate of the Na pump by measuring ouabain-sensitive Rb uptake and numbers of alpha and alpha receptors by 3H-prazosin and 3H-yohimbine binding. After control values for each of these parameters have been determined, the short-term effects of selective alpha and alpha agonists and antagonists on Na pump rate will be monitored. The role of a particular receptor subtype or subtypes will be assesed by comparison of relative potencies of selective agonists and pA values of selective antagonists. A primary effect of alpha agonists in all cells possessing alpha receptors is the mobilization of extracellular or intracellular Ca. Experiments will be performed to determine the role of Ca in alpha-mediated stimulation of the Na pump by manipulating these pools of Ca and observing the effects on alpha-mediated pump stimulation. An alternative mechanism may be an alpha-stimulated Na influx related to the activation of a membrane Na-H exchanger. This possibility will be investigated by measuring changes in Nai by flame photometry and pHi by uptake of the weak acid C-DMO in the presence of selective alpha agonists and antagonists. It is also planned to assess the effect on Na pump parameters of long term incubations of vascular smooth muscle cells with alpha agonists. In addition, alpha receptor number will also be monitored. It is expected that significant data will be obtained regarding the control of active and passive ion movements in vascular smooth muscle. In view of the role that disturbances of ionic regulation are believed to play in hypertension, it is anticipated that these studies may contribute to the understanding of this disease process.

Wards Off Corrosive Attack from Humidity, Moisture. Description. Cortec M-3 additive boosts anti-corrosion protection of solvent and oil-based cleaners, vapor degreasers, cutting fluids, and rust preventives in humid conditions. The water-displacing properties ward off corrosive attack from humidity and moisture condensation on steel, cast iron, aluminum, and copper parts. It can be added at any stage during parts production. The continuous protective film lasts up to 3 months. Cortec Corp., St. Paul, MN. RELATED STORIES

Employment Law. Employment Law Questions? Ask an Employment Lawyer.. You get charged for each question that you rate. You can ask numerous related questions and follow ups within a single question, as long as they are related to the same fact pattern, etc.. Once you rate a response though, that question is considered closed and new questions are in their own question thread.

believe my experience as a photographer has allowed me to deliver a creative perspective to our clients.. I currently live in Raleigh with my fiance, Tip, and my two teenagers, Julia and Kevin. We have three cats, who are like our other children. Stella, Shadow and Tigger provide endless entertainment when theyre not being spoiled rotten by Tip, who loves to bring them sushi Tuna is their favorite. Hold the wasabi and ginger. My favorite time of year is Hockey Season! We are big Carolina Hurricanes fans and really enjoy going to the games. Our beloved RaleighDurham area provides an endless array of food and entertainment. Theres always something to do!. Never stop learning is one of my favorite mottos. Be open to learning new things every day. It just might surprise you!

I've got Mongolia on my mind too.. I've spent  years living and studying in the US. Now I come to the conclusion that I should go back to Mongolia and contribute to its development through what I have learned in American schools. However, I am anxious about going back. One of the major fears that I have about going back is that there is a system in Mongolia that does not value academic and professional merit but promotes the power of connections and buying job posts. What would you advise to those like me who are contemplating a return to our homeland and pursue professional careers there? Thank you.

Joey Rosskopf BMC Racing won his second straight time trial title at the USA Cycling Pro Road Championships on Thursday in Knoxville, Tennessee.. The -year-old was strong throughout course, three laps of an .-kilometer circuit totaling 3. kilometers. He set the fastest times at the early checkpoints and held on to finish with the days fastest mark of 3:.. Sunwebs Chad Haga finished second,  seconds down.. I couldnt have asked for better legs. It was pretty hard to match Chad Hagas time on the first lap especially, Rosskopf said. I felt like I had the advantage to know the time checks, to base my own ride off of them. The only option to win is to go out and match the times and do better. If you fade, at least you tried. Luckily I felt good enough to do that.. Brent Bookwalter gave BMC a third podium finisher, 3 seconds back.. Aevolo Cyclings Gage Hecht delivered the fifth fastest time, two minutes down on Rosskopf, to finish as the days best-placed under-3 rider.

Micro Museum is an evergreen art environment that celebrating 3 years on Smith Street in Downtown Brooklyn in . There are periodic special events and exhibitions that feature the museums collection of fine art and digital art plus guest artists. The archives of the museum includes: an extensive digital art file documenting independent artists   current, the  RPM Philharmonic record collection from the Metropolitan Museum, and interactive media sculptures by Kathleen and William Laziza that features state-of-the-art micro computers and re-purposed low-techno-innovations.. Please note: Exhibition of the collection is varied.

I.. Bueno, welcome to my new design! Hopefully, youll get to like it as I have. I based it on the theme called Identity. The original, however, wasnt fully compatible with WP.  and it looked rather plain as is  so I had had to do some major recoding on the templates.. I did love my old theme very much Subtle for WordPress by GluedIdeas, so heres a tribute to it: a screen-capture of the blog just before I started upgrading WordPress and installing & tweaking the new theme.. Congrats Kuya Blogie.. Anyway, check out your screenshots MyBlogLog widget; Im your latest visitor!. Hahaha.. Thanks, Mikko!. Mikko  di ah.. ako ang latest.. check mo ulit.. hehe. ay sa screenshot pala. sorry 

Epic are releasing a massive update to Fortnites Battle Royale map, splitting it up into different biomes and adding new types of play spaces, such as multi-story buildings and labyrinthine tunnel networks.

The map update is coming this week, but Epic cant say which exact day it will arrive yet.

You can see some footage of the updated map in the developer diary posted last week:

Epic launched Fortnites Battle Royale mode back in September with a map the team knew they could improve. One of the things we wanted to do to make it better was to add more points of interest to the map, lead level designer David Spalinski tells me. Points of interest act as areas for players to congregate and meet and fight over various weapons and other types of valuable loot. Theyre also an opportunity to add unique elements of gameplay, specific to that particular point of interest.

Spalinski isnt talking about adding in new systems and mechanics, but how spaces themselves can drive different kinds of play. We have a new point of interest called Tilted Towers that is a city area, which adds a unique style of gameplay by having taller buildings and a higher density of locations. Each building is kind of like a labyrinth and theyre all close to each other.

Another lead level designer, Sidney Rauchberger, points to a new area called Shifty Shafts that adds a contrasting kind of gameplay. Rauchberger explains that is essentially an underground mine. Its very windy, its got a lot of close quarters, tight angles, its darker. Its frantic.

These new kinds of spaces will infuse the Battle Royale mode with a greater variety of play and, considering the way the map closes down as the circle of death shrinks, this can significantly affect how the late-game plays out. Because the circle is going to determine where you will end, Rauchberger says, youre going to be pushed into some interesting scenarios that will force you to adapt your style of play  games ending in the maze are going to be very tense.

The new biomes, which see the map split into swamp, grasslands, farms, and mountains, arent just to give more visual variety, but also to give players the tools to better orientate themselves.

You start to gain a little bit of memory, Spalinski says, like Oh, Im in the mountain area, that means Im on the western side of the map, or Im in the swamp areas, that means Im on the southern side of the map. It helps give you a sense of place.

The team also took the opportunity to redress the current points of interest on the map. A lot of that refreshing came from playing the game with the community, listening to their feedback, reading on the internet what people had to say about certain areas that they may love or hate, Spalinski says. People like to go to certain areas a lot of times or stay away from others, and we like to see why that is and try to make them a little it better.

With that feedback in mind the team made minor adjustments to a number of locations, making them more appealing. It could be as small as Hey, this area doesnt have enough ammo, it would be great if I didnt have to leave it to keep fighting other people. We listened to that kind of feedback and looked at and balanced the areas so theyre creating the kind of gameplay that our users desire.

Epic say the update is only possible because of improvements theyve made to how the engine streams in content. Before we had to fit everything in at once, Rauchberger says, now were able to allocate more resources because were able to split up the world better.

It also means that there is the possibility that Epic will do a similar scale of update to the map in the future. Were always trying to see if theres space to continue to improve, Spalinski says. When we released initially, internally, we felt without our new streaming technology that there were certain things we were incapable of doing  and there were certain things we didnt know needed to be done until it was out there  and the community had played it and it was just going to take a little it of time to collect the things we didnt know.

This map update addresses some of the things that we wanted to do and some of things we learned along the way. Were most likely going to be able to repeat that process of learning about what were about to release and where the opportunities as a result of that and the community will be able to inform us to some degree.

Sober Blood

Twenty-two years for a plastic chip
That says how long ago I quit
Dont tell the truth thatll never change
I still want to everyday

I gave up what was once my life
A familymy kids, my wife
And dont you know not a day goes by
When I aint trying to make it right

If Id only known all of the things that I know now
I cant help but wonder how my life would have turned out
I might die alone although the papers may not show
That the sober blood of a good man is gone

I aint missed one of them meetings since
The day that I signed up for this
But the lessons learned wont ever heal the pain
Of a family still suffering

On my knees, I ask the Lord
Questions that Hes heard before
Just what can I do for forgiveness now?
I ask of You this final hour

If Id only known all of the things that I know now
I cant help but wonder how my life would have turned out
I might die alone although the papers may not show
That the sober blood of a good man is gone

Here I stand at Heavens doors
Wondering why, not really sure
Then I hear a voice calling out my name
I guess its true that Jesus saves

If Id only known all of the things that I know now
I cant help but wonder how my life would have turned out
I might die alone although the papers may not show
That the sober blood of a good man is gone

Darci Hanning, Oregon State Library, Sharon Morris, Colorado State Library, Kristi Lindsey, Penrose Community Library District, Beverly J. Obert, Rolling Prairie Library District, Tine Walczyk, Texas State Library and Archives Commission Plinkit is a program for developing database-driven web sites for libraries, that uses open-source software, and is free to the libraries who use them. . Author: Beverly Stafford. The Streetprint Engine for digital image collections. Mar . David Lee King Keynote Presentation. The . E-books: an account of the student experience. Presenters: Bonnie Tijerina, Julie Griffin, and Heather Jeffcoat King, Georgia Institute of Technologys Library & Information Center Summary: As e-book platforms change, so does the experience for readers of scholarship in electronic format. Georgia Tech Librarys web usability working group undertook an e-book study in early Spring  in order to gain insight into user 

MindTap. In a recent study, two-thirds  of students participating noted that they were more confident in their abilities due to their usage of SAM. Track your scores on SAM assignments in your MindTap course and stay motivated toward your goals. Whether you have more work to do or are ahead of the curve, youll know where you need to focus your efforts. And the MindTap Green Dot P will charge your confidence along the way. Study: Three Key Components to Empowering Student Success with Microsoft Office Skills and on the MOS Exams. Study done by Project Tomorrow. MindTap helps you own your progress Make your textbook yours. No one knows what works for you better than you. Highlight key text, add notes, and create custom flashcards. When its time to study, everything youve flagged or noted can be gathered into a guide you can organize.. $3.. Series Collection.

This is an archived article and the information in the article may be outdated. Please look at the time stamp on the story to see when it was last updated.

Robert Kugler, with Bella

Robert Kugler, with Bella

Cruising through the streets of Philadelphia and exploring the Lincoln Memorial in Washington.

Rolling around a park in Cleveland.

Watching the water flow at Niagara Falls.

Standing atop a rock in the Adirondack Mountains in New York.

Hanging out at Harvard; chilling in front of Boston's Fenway Park.

It was the worst possible news you could get about your best buddy.

Bone cancer, so a leg is amputated. But it gets worse. The cancers spread to the lungs. Now its a terminal condition.

So what do you do?

Robert Kugler decide to take his best friend  a three-legged chocolate lab named Bella  on one last, legendary ride.

This is one of the biggest connections Ive ever had to another living being. I dont care that its a dog, said Kugler, whos from Broken Bow, Nebraska.

A devastating diagnosis

Kugler found out last year that Bella was dying of cancer. He had adopted her as a puppy nine years ago and wasnt anyway ready to let her go.

I just didnt want her to be gone one day when I came home, he said.

So Kugler began with Bella a trip of a lifetime. Kuglers a Marine vet, so they headed off to Chicago back in November to the Marine Corps Ball.

His social media feeds  Twitter, Facebook and Instagram  documented their travels as they headed from there to points east and south:

Bella posing in front of a mural in Detroit

getting petted by some Salvation Army bell ringers in Bowling Green, Kentucky

checking out the sunset over Lake Erie

rolling around a park in Cleveland

Watching the water flow at Niagara Falls

standing atop a rock in the Adirondack Mountains in New York

hanging out at Harvard; chilling in front of Bostons Fenway Park

cruising through the streets of Philadelphia and exploring the Lincoln Memorial in Washington

Bella and Kugler have either camped out in his Toyota Runner or couch-surfed with his friends along the way. Kuglers doing this trip, not just for Bella, but for others too.

I want to inspire people to get outside and live, he said. Love each other for who we are and make friends.

Theyre now in Florida, on the Gulf coast side, enjoying St. Petersburg and the white sand beach in Siesta Key. Well, not totally enjoying them, since the Sunshine States intense heat is pretty rough on Bella.

The cold is easier to combat with a dog than the heat, Kugler joked. He says the waters are so warm in Florida right now that theyre not exactly refreshing to her.

So now Kuglers thinking of heading west, stopping for a bit back home in Nebraska before introducing Bella to the nations majestic national parks, like Yellowstone and Yosemite. He hasnt really planned it out with too much detail. And thats part of the charm of this long goodbye.

Continuing to move and see the country is a good excuse to spend time with my dog, he said. Being spontaneous can sometimes be a headache, since it means spending a huge amount of time figuring out where were going to sleep, but it also means enjoying unplanned little adventures.

You come across a little gravel road and wonder, where does this go?' So you make the turn and find out, Kugler said.

The greatest gift

Doctors gave Bella just six three to six months left to live last year; shes survived much longer than that, but Kugler knows Bellas time is drawing short. He said a few weeks ago, he watched her, playing in the waters on a beach and envisioned a peaceful end for her.

Some days Im completely prepared. I pictured her just swimming out to sea, he said. But theres other days when Im like, oh my God, I cant bear the thought of it.

But whenever and wherever it happens, hell be with her. Its part of the job of being best buds with a dog.

We take on these animals, which means were gonna take on their life and their passing, Kugler said. To be there with them when they pass is the greatest gift you can give anybody.

When Bellas gone Kugler said hell volunteer more, like he has in the past for organizations that help veterans, like Team Rubicon and Team Red, White & Blue. And yes, hell continue to hit the open road.

I want the freedom to travel. I dont want a home thatll keep me in one spot.

Until then, Kugler thinks we should all be a little more like Bella: Wag more; bark less.

My work stems from process. I enjoy learning new techniques and manipulating them in new ways. I work on a broad range of projects including clothing, upholstery, restoration, jewellery, painting and sculpture. I find that by keeping my practice broad different ideas feed into each other to produce more interesting results.. I also aim to make my work as sustainable as possible. I want my products to be cherished and cared for and to make people feel happy. I feel that texture and attention to detail play a part in this as they help people to feel connected to an object. Quality is also a major factor in the life span of a product so I try to ensure the best workmanship in all that I make.. I grew up on Telegraph Hill and I enjoy the chance to take part in community projects such as the Hill Station.

Tasting Notes. Opici Homemade Style Barberone White is a full bodied wine made from a blend of white grapes. The wine has a full, slightly sweet floral aroma. The wine is richly textured and the flavor lingers long after the wine is gone.. Food Pairing. This is a great wine for seafood and pasta dishes. It marries well with cream or butter sauces, and it can also stand up to spicy foods.

The Lawi overshoes made from lycra provide the cyclist with an aerodynamic advantage. The overshoes are very light weighted and due to the used fabrics, the shoe cover fits perfectly around your cycling shoe. On the underside of the product, a recess is applied to let the heel and the cleat come out of the overshoe.. In addition, to provide an aerodynamic advantage, the product also protects your cycling shoes against dirt. This is ideal for mountain biking or cycling during bad weather conditions. The product is therefore easy to wash out.

. Step over the stile into a world that no one knows exists. A world that overturns everything you know about the goodness of people and creates a mirror image of evil. Five years about I found this true story haunting, today I find it just as compelling. What you will see is the worst catastrophe you can imagine. When a young girl comes into a police station and claims her father is having sex with her, the authorities have no idea how big this situation is and how pervasive it is in the culture of a group of people that call themselves the Goler Clan. And it is not just a single act on one person but a whole series of crimes committed generation to generation. Truly there is no explanation that can be found, no escape from the depravity. The idyllic charm of the Annapolis Valley is penetrated by Evil so strong you can taste as you read. It enters your heart and mind never to let it go.

Green Ratz Fantasy Football Team Up On Indiegogo. By PolarBear. In Crowdfunding. Apr th, .  Views. We know that Blood Bowl will be making a return soon. With that, Ive seen people dusting off old teams or starting to think about getting a new team. With the idea of new teams in mind, Goblin Guild is running a fantasy football team Indiegogo campaign.. The team is the Green Ratz. Theyre a little bit goblin. Theyre a little bit rats. Theyre a little bit country. Theyre a little bit rock n roll. The sculpts are being done by Pedro Ramos. The campaign has already made it to their funding goal, and its set to run for  more days.

West Point Treatment Plant. West Point, located next to Discovery Park in Seattle, is part of King Countys regional wastewater treatment system. wastewater is treated at this facility during the dry months. During the rainstorm season, West Point provides secondary treatment for flows up to 3 million gallons a day mgd and provides primary treatment and disinfection for flows exceeding 3 mgd and up to  mgd.. West Point Treatment Plant. View more photos on our Flickr site .. Newsletters. -hour emergency and odor reporting: -3-3. Administration: --. Address.  Discovery Park Blvd.. Seattle, WA . Directions and map. Related content. Overflows and emergencies. News. View WTD news releases

La Biennale di Venezia was founded in  and is now one of the most famous and prestigious cultural organizations in the world. La Biennale, who stands at the forefront of research and promotion of new contemporary art trends, organizes exhibitions and research in all its specific departments: Arts , Architecture , Cinema 3, Dance , Music 3, and Theatre 3. Its history is documented at the Historical Archives of Contemporary Arts ASAC that has been completely renovated in recent years.. Since  the Art Biennale and the  in .. The Architecture Biennale has also been recognised as the best in the world.. The Venice International Film Festival at the L sections there have been more research and production opportunities addressed to the younger generation of artists, directly in contact with recognised teachers; this has become more systematic and continuous through the international project Biennale College, now running in the Dance, Theatre, Music, and Cinema sections.

Feature . Ability to copy an existing workflow when creating a new role. Description. Could it be possible to have this option when adding a role, like when creating a new tracker ?. eg. copy the workflow of a Reporter concerning each existing tracker when adding a new role.. Associated revisions. History. . Updated by Jean-Philippe Lang almost  years ago. - Target version set to .. . Updated by Jean-Philippe Lang over  years ago. - Status changed from New to Closed. -  Done changed from  to . Also available in: Atom PDF

FMS plays an important role on the adaptability improvement of medium and small batch tasks of manufacturing enterprise. It presented as:.  High equipment utilization;.  Prompt response when the product type changed;. 3 Improve the quality of products;.  Reduce WIP in the process, shorten the production cycle for technology;.  Strong ability to maintain production;.  High operational flexibility;.  Direct labor cost saving.

Chairman Heavy Industries Taxila HIT Visits DHA Karachi. Chairman Heavy Industries Taxila HIT Board Lt Gen Syed Wajid Hussain called on Administrator DHA Brig Shahid Hassan Ali in his Office. They discussed various professional, general and mutually beneficial matters of interest.. Chairman HIT appreciated the efficacy and development strategy of DHA and described the organization as a trendsetter in the field of housing and community development in the country. Administrator thanked the general officer for his kind and inspiring remarks and briefed him about the futuristic projectsschemes of DHA and DCK being initiated to maintain the status and stature of DHA Karachi as a leading Housing Authority of the country.

Description. Syrus is an original and historic design by Isabey. Lively and supple. The combination of Pure Sable hair and Isalon synthetic fibres for water retention and flexibility. This mix combines the retention properties of sable hair and the flexibility of Isalon, which enables various projects to be handled. It comes in three shapes: Round, Flat, and Lettering Brush square edge. Its uses: regular flat strokes and clear contours.. Syrus i Round Size  Watercolor Brush  Isabey.. Reviews. . Average Rating Rated   Review . There are no reviews yet.

College is a busy season of life. Often, you need to squeeze in a summer class to meet your requirements on time, or youre looking for a job to earn money for next semester. These are real barriers, and we dont take them lightly. Earning a degree is the reason youre in college in the first place! But once you enter the workforce or have a family, you wont have as much flexibility as you do now. Having summer classes or a job doesnt have to be an automatic no to a Global Urban Trek.. The Global Urban Trek is  weeks in length - which is not your entire summer. You may be able to find a flexible job that allows you to work around your Trek. Or, if you need to take a summer class, see if you could receive credit for a Trek. It just might meet your summer internship requirements!. Students who need money may apply for scholarships and potential stipends to help cover the loss of the income a summer job would provide. Email the Trek office or talk to your Trek director for more information.

vie active. sasha muscle t-shirt. This womens Sasha Muscle Tank T-shirt from Vie Active is the perfect piece to accentuate all of the hard work youve put in to get that beautifully-sculpted physique. Created using a soft Merino fabric thats breathable and lightweight, the muscle t-shirt shows off your toned arms while you push through the last minutes of your workout. Wear this top for working out, practicing yoga, or as lounge and everyday wear.. - Soft Merino fabric. - Shortened sleeves. - Activewear for gym or casual attire. - Material Composition:  Merino.

Construction News

A proposal to build a new -bed hospital in Albuquerque may be altered to allow for a smaller facility due to budgetary considerations.

After months of review and discussion, members of the University of New Mexicos Board of Regents last summer agreed to let a project to build a new hospital advance to the design phase.

As proposed, the project would also include half a dozen operating rooms and clinical offices.

Initial plans additionally called for the hospital to be built on land owned by UNM just northeast of the University Boulevard and Lomas Boulevard intersection.

But now, some seven months after that vote, Dr. Paul Roth, UNM Health Sciences Centers chancellor, has suggested a smaller facility may be more in order.

During a recent regents meeting, Roth said that although the need for more hospital beds remains unchanged, the university should conduct further studies before proceeding with what is anticipated to be a project that could cost as much as $ million.

So far, the school has reserved some $ million to build the hospital.

The project was earlier regarded as only the first phase in the eventual construction of a $ million hospital with just over  beds.

UNM officials have long maintained that a new hospital is especially needed not just because it would provide more bed space, but also because the current structure built in the s is no longer adequate for the hospitals needs.

The Indian Sub-continent has experienced significant economic growth over the last decade. We are well placed to help our clients to take advantage of this through our India Practice Group. The India Practice Group is a leading India practice in Singapore. The group actively advises a wide spectrum of clients both within Singapore and in the region who are looking towards India to further their business interests as well as clients from India who are looking to do business in Singapore and the region. With Singapores emergence as the pre-eminent Asian dispute resolution centre, we have seen an increasing number of India-related disputes in Singapore. Our India Practice Group is able to leverage on our arbitration and litigation experience to provide clients with the help they need at all times.. For further information, please contact:. - M Rajaram, Senior Director. - N. Sreenivasan, SC, Managing Director. - Palaniappan Sundararaj, Director

Telomere length and its relationship with chronic diseases - new perspectives for periodontal research.
The ageing process is accompanied by a variety of cellular modifications, and telomere shortening is a common finding. Large epidemiological studies have reported an association between shorter telomere length in peripheral leukocytes and several inflammatory diseases of the elderly including diabetes, atherosclerosis and, recently, periodontitis. The primary aim of this study was to critically discuss available evidence regarding the potential mechanisms relating shorter telomeres to periodontitis. A narrative literature review was performed to report evidence relating shorter telomeres to the ageing process and inflammation. Then, we searched MEDLINE  to May  and ISI WEB OF SCIENCE  to May  databases for the combination of the terms 'telomere' and 'periodontitis'. Although these associations suggest a possible role of telomere attrition in the onset or evolution of chronic inflammatory diseases, only two studies addressed the relationship between telomere length and periodontitis. We suggest that the chronic inflammatory burden observed in people with chronic periodontitis could represent the driver of telomere shortening. However, further evidence is needed to confirm whether inflammation is the cause or the consequence of the shorter leukocyte telomere length observed in people with periodontitis.

Pharmacokinetic changes of ipriflavone in rats with acute renal failure induced by uranyl nitrate.
Pharmacokinetic parameters of ipriflavone were compared after intravenous  mgkg and oral  mgkg administration in control rats and in rats with acute renal failure induced by uranyl nitrate U-ARF rats. It was expected that the time-averaged nonrenal clearance Clnr of ipriflavone in U-ARF rats could be significantly slower than in the control rats, since it was reported that ipriflavone was metabolized via the hepatic microsomal cytochrome P CYP A and C and the expression and mRNA level of CYPA were not changed, but those of CYPC were decreased in U-ARF rats compared with control rats. Unexpectedly, after intravenous administration in U-ARF rats, the Clnr of ipriflavone was significantly faster than in the controls . compared with . mlminkg. This may be due to an increase in the glucuronide conjugate formation of ipriflavone metabolites in U-ARF rats. After oral administration of ipriflavone in U-ARF rats, the AUC- h was significantly smaller  compared with  microg minml than in the controls.

Americans were voting in numbers unprecedented since women were given the franchise in . Secretaries of state predicted turnouts approaching  percent in Virginia and Colorado and  percent or more in big states like Ohio, California, Texas, Missouri and Maryland.Though the exact numbers won't be determined until all the votes are counted in the next few days and weeks, a history-making high percentage of Americans voted, according to CNN and the Wall Street Journal:

More than 3 million voters had already cast ballots before Tuesday in early voting. Nearly  million more were expected on election day. Hundreds of thousands of voters waited from long before daybreak or for hours on end to make their choices known.

Michael McDonald, a politics professor at Virginia's George Mason University, predicted nearly  of the electorate would have voted by the time all polls closed -- matching or eclipsing the turnout in the presidential election of  featuring candidates John F. Kennedy and Richard Nixon. Not since , when the U.S. was convulsing through a shift from the machine party politics of the th century to the free-for-all of modern campaigns, has so large a proportion of Americans participated in a presidential election.

It was a good job! I'm glad you noticed. Maybe once you veer out of fantasyland you'll be able to see just how good a guy is that we just elected - smart, honest and articulate, all the things that the last President was not.

This flow can compress any file for folder that you select and saves it as a .zip file and let's you name it too. To use this tool simply select the folder or file you want to compress and it will do it for you and you can also unzip files too. When finished you can even upload the Google Drive for cross device access of it and you only choose the account once and it will be used by default. 3 blocks. No premium.  Version :.  You can unzip files.  Upload the G Drive.  Version 3:.  Choose account at start.  Version :.  Will stop if no file is selected.  Version :.  Rename your zip file.  Dialog name revamp.  Choose folder to unzip too.  Let's you reselect the target files.  Drive upload shows account.  Version :.  Updated start menu.  Account can be charged.  Version :.  New universal account settings. Remember to rate my flow in the comments as I worked hard on the update. Rate and review within the app in the Community section.

What is Cabi?. Cabi is an information centre in Denmark focused on an inclusive labour market. Cabi is an autonomous institution established by the Danish Ministry of Employment.. Cabi carries out assignments for authorities, public and private companies, networks, civil society organisations and individuals.. Our aim is to inspire and initiate cooperation between public authorities and companies in order to establish optimal conditions for anyone with a work potential to be an active participant in the labour market.. Learn more about Cabi and our current activities and tasks through:. - Visiting. - Phoning   . - Visiting:. Cabi. boulevarden , 3. sal.  Aarhus C.. Denmark

Grand Central Theatre. 33 Grand Central Terminal,. New York,. NY. . 33 Grand Central Terminal,New York, NY .  3 comments. Auditorium with  seats pictured in this 3 trade report: Boxoffice. The April , 3, issue of Motion Picture Daily said that the opening of the newsreel theater being built inside Grand Central Station had been set for May 3.. I passed by it many times but never went in. In the early s, when I was going to college and Amtrak trains on the old New York Central lines were still leaving from Grand Central, I had to change stations in New York. I distinctly recall that on one occasion, oe of the last times I saw the theater in operation, the program was the  documentary The Hellstrom Chronicle, so the end must have come around 3 or thereabouts.. Another thing: it probably was an inspiration for a strip in the comic series Julis Knipl: Real Estate Photographer, which takes place in such a theater.

Generate new revenue and discover new opportunities for growth by digitalizing your supply chain.. Deploy advanced analytics, digital twins & control towers, smart apps and process automation to unlock value through digitally enabled decision making, visibility and agility.. Have a look into our digital supply chain services or directly get in touch with us to discuss your current challenges.

New home, same life

New home, same life

My family and I finally moved into our house in the Diamond New Housing Scheme. I cant say that I like it nor can I say I hate it. The traveling is hard and the morning traffic is harder but the place has a certain quietness to it that I like.

Its been a long time since my mother, younger brother and I have shared a home together. At my age, I think Ive spent too much time chasing life and chasing causes and not enough time seeing the people I love. A big part of loving people is witnessing their lives and caring about what you witness. Ive been working on it.

And of course, Ive got some interesting neighbours and naturally Ive got that one neighbour thats the epitome of jackassifiyishness. Almost every weekend they vibrate my windows with their huge music box while their battalion of children back-ball and juk the floor, the wall and each other. Sigh. Im trying hard to mind my own business.

Just before the rain started this morning, I helped my mom wash. We used blue-soap, hard-brush and scrubbing-board. These days I look forward to washing with mom. Ive seen her age these last few years and it forced me to accept that my time with her is not endless. Time is not endless for us.

I wait up for my brother at nights now and we do dumb things or watch pointless TV. Im watching him become a man and I know that I wont always be around to witness his life first hand. Theres no telling where life will take us. My mothers eldest sister has lived in another country for most of their lives and they havent seen each other in years. One day, distance may stretch between my brother and I and well fill that space with memories and Skype and annual visits.

This is also the first time in more than  years that I havent lived with Nani. She is there in her house and I am here in mine. Sometimes, it feels as if our worlds are not the same and never were and never could be but every now and then we meet and we laugh. Laughing makes everything better.

Life will never be perfect and happiness is not constant. But who wants that? Seriously, perfect and constant are predictable and boring.

Facial Implants. Bergen Oral & Maxillofacial Surgery in Hackensack, Westwood, Ridgewood NJ. Facial implants are used to enhance certain features of your face, including your cheeks or your jaw line. The surgery may be elective, or part of the reconstruction of the face due to an accident or illness, or needed as the result of prior surgery on the face. Through a facial implant, a maxillofacial surgeon can aesthetically improve facial contours.. Depending on your medical history and your overall objectives of this surgery  our doctors can recommend several courses of action. Surgery can be done with local anesthesia with an oral sedative to help you relax or general anesthesia which means youll be put to sleep. The length of surgery will depend on which part of your face is affected, but it commonly lasts between one to two hours. You may want to consider lower jaw, cheek or chin implants.. -.

Reuters - Hudbay Minerals on Tuesday vowed to appeal a court ruling that barred the Canadian miner from building a major copper mine in the United States after losing its bid to have a judge revisit the decision.

U.S. District Judge James Soto late on Monday said there was no basis to reconsider an earlier ruling that overturned approvals for the companys contentious Rosemont project in southeastern Arizona, delivering a setback for Hudbay as it seeks to revive plans for the stalled $. billion open-pit mine.

Hudbays director of investor relations, Candace Brule, said the company was disappointed with the decision and would proceed with an appeal as it studies next steps for the project.

This ruling confirms that the court continues to misinterpret decades of precedent and the federal regulations and mining laws that govern the Rosemont project, she said.

At issue is the validity of mining claims that would allow the company to dispose of mine waste on public lands adjacent to its operations.

The U.S. District Court for Arizona in July overturned approvals issued by the U.S. Forest Service for the mine, siding with environmental and tribal groups opposed to the plan.

Hudbay in August said it would appeal that ruling but it first asked the court to reconsider the decision on grounds it overstepped its authority.

However, Soto said there was no basis to reopen the case, according to a copy of the decision seen by Reuters. Mere disagreement with a previous order is an insufficient basis for reconsideration, the judge wrote.

Hudbay had planned to start construction of Rosemont by the end of this year, with first production expected by the end of .

Words

Recent Posts

Truman and Ruthies Dollhouse-So I decided to build another dollhouse A few years ago I built my first dollhouse for my daughter Norah, complete with handpainted stones, and a wooden shingled roof. I was proud of it then, but I knew there were a lot of ways it could have been better. Then, I built one for my

Life with Depression-Hi. My name is Josh. I suffer from chronic clinical depression and anxiety. I have suffered with this disease as far back as I can remember. It sucks, but Im willing to bet it doesnt look like what many people expect. Today, there is much greater acceptance of mental illness, and people are more understanding

How to Build Dollhouse Stairs-Lesson Learned: How to build stairs. I said before that this is not a blog about how to build a dollhouse, and for the most part, thats true. But I think I found the right way to build two elements: stairs, and egg carton stones. Im not saying that there are no other ways to

No Extra Credit for Doing it the Hard Way-Lesson Learned: Theres no extra-credit for doing it the hard way. This was easily the most important lesson I learned building this dollhouse. While details are almost always a net positive, that doesnt mean you have to build things the hard way.

Focus on the Windows-Lesson Learned: Focus on the windows. On my first two dollhouses, the windows werent much more than holes in the walls. For this one, I wanted to frame them up a little more. This turned out to be a really great feature, and I think it makes the whole house stand out a lot more

Craft Paper is Your Enemy-Lesson Learned: Craft Paper is Your Enemy. Ive talked about some things that are sticky, and that I found very helpful so how about a sticky something that ended up being a PITA throughout the project? I wanted to wallpaper the rooms in the house this time instead of just painting the walls like I

Primer is Your Friend-Lesson Learned: Primer is Your Friend. Priming your dollhouse. This is something that I did not do on the other dollhouses that I built because I wasnt sure it was necessary. This time, I painted the whole thing white as I went, which ended up being a really great idea.

Masking Tape is Your Friend-Lesson Learned: Masking Tape is Your Friend. In order for the wood glue to really work its mojo, you have to clamp your join well. But in the world of miniature dollhouse things, unless you find itsy bitsy clamps, this can be a challenge. Enter masking tape. Instead of relying on expensive tiny dollhouse clamps

Wood Filler is your Friend-Lesson Learned: Wood Filler is Your Friend. The other great tool I use for building the dollhouse is wood filler, wood putty, plastic wood, miracle Minwax. This stuff fixes pretty much everything that I do wrong.

Dont Measure Everything First-Lesson Learned: Dont measure everything first. I am cheap, so I build my dollhouses from scratch. That means I either draw out the plan before-hand, or I have to improvise as I go. This time, since I was using a plan that I had found online, I decided to draw out all the panels, and

Hand Saw vs. Table Saw-Lesson Learned: A handsaw can be just as fast as a table saw. After I printed out my plans, and measured everything out on my plywood, I brought the plywood into the garage to cut all the panels at once. I figured, I have a table saw, I have a cross-cut sled, this is going

Wood Glue is Your Best Friend-Lesson Learned: Wood Glue is Your Best Friend. I have stumbled on a number of posts on the internet discussing what kinds of glue to use when building a dollhouse. I cant speak for everyone, but for me  plain old yellow wood glue has been the go-to adhesive

There are no Useless Details-Lesson Learned: There are no useless details. When I started building the dollhouse, I knew I wanted to incorporate as many details as possible. When Im working on a painting, or print or web material, I frequently find that I have to dial it back a bit when it comes to adding stuff to the

Scale is Everything-Lesson Learned: Scale is everything. Back when I built my second dollhouse, for my niece, Cami the thing I was most unhappy with was the scale of the doors and windows relative to the rest of the house. I knew nothing about dollhouse scales when I built Camis, so when I set out to build

Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto says Texas' decision to deploy National Guard troops along the border is unpleasant and reprehensible.

Last month's deployment had previously drawn Mexico's ire. It says the border should not be militarized and issues should be solved jointly.

In an interview with the newspaper El Universal published Friday, Pena Nieto said Texas' move could affect bilateral relations.

Texas Gov. Rick Perry has criticized border security and suggested last month that Islamic terrorists could be entering the U.S. from Mexico, a charge Mexico has dismissed as absurd.

Texas says it needs to deploy National Guard troops to stop drug traffickers. The number of Central American migrants entering Texas also spiked earlier this year, but the flow has since declined.

By: Wazobia Staff. Bernie Sanders scored a narrow win over Hillary Clinton in the Michigan Democratic primary , this is perhaps the greatest upset since the primaries started . Bernie Scored  percent of the vote with 3 delegates while Hillary Clinton scored  percent with 3 delegates. Other candidates scored . percent in the keenly contested primary.. The outcome sets up defining contests on March  in states including Ohio, Florida and Illinois, where Clinton hoped her momentum coming out of Michigan would allow her to garner enough delegates to create an all-but-insurmountable delegate lead.. Donald Trump won the Michigan Republican Primaries as speculated defeating his closest rivals Ted Cruz and John Kasich who came second and third respectively . He scored 3. percent while Ted Cruz and John Kasich scored . and .3 percent respectively.

NEWS. September 3 High-Efficiency Ducted Steerprop Azimuth Propulsors for three vessels to be built in China. High-Efficiency Ducted Steerprop Azimuth Propulsors for three vessels to be built in China.. In late August and early September 3, Steerprop Ltd. signed contracts with Chinese customers to deliver main propulsion azimuth propulsors for three offshore support vessels due to be built in China in . All three vessels will be equipped with two  kW SP  D Ducted Azimuth Propulsors. The propulsors will be delivered in mid-.. All of these propulsors will be equipped with the Steerprop HJ3 high efficiency nozzle. These high efficiency nozzles are hydrodynamically optimized to improve bollard pull without compromising free running efficiency. This combination of thrust and efficiency is sometimes very important in vessels that require both high bollard pull and efficiency such as Platform Support Vessels or other Offshore Support Vessels.

Q:

How do I find out which processes are causing the most disk activity?

I am hoping to find a way to do more performance monitoring--specifically, I hope that monitoring disk activity on a per-process basis will help me decide which programs are causing the most trouble aside from the AV.   I'd rather avoid a shotgun approach.
For windows XP, is there a process monitor that can give me a solid idea of which processes are slowing me down by causing the most page faults, etc?  Thanks!

A:

Perhaps enabling the IO reads and writes in the task manager ctrlshiftesc.  When looking at the processes in task manager select View then Select Columns.  Look for the IO read optiona nd IO write option and click them.  
This is what I get:

A:

While I prefer the accepted answer, there is another way with the existing task manager.

Task manager  Performance tab  Resource Monitor button  Disk tab

A:

I like the freeware Process Explorer.  It provides a bit more detail than the Windows Task Manager, including per-process IO graphs.  Great for immediately spotting processes doing a lot of disk IO.



I have been to Chu To Bu many times and consider it a home away from home. Whether you're an Olympic athlete looking for training, a six year old in need of discipline, or a  year old just looking to get back in shape, Chu To Bu is the place for you! It brings health and wellness in a fun, positive and energetic way! See you on the mats!. Chu To BuBrasa Judo Jiu Jitsu & MMA, Is the leading area movement devoted to developing martial arts programs for the entire family. It is our passion to safely, skillfully and successfully educate and challenge students personally and physically in multiple martial arts styles including Judo, Jiu Jitsu, Wrestling & Boxing.. We will provide a positive, fun, and safe environment in order to enhance one's character, build self-esteem, teach discipline and teach respect for ourselves and others. Our curriculum is designed to safely meet the various needs of our number one priority.....our students.. Why Choose.......Chu To BuBrasa??

Meet Marria. Hometown: Cleveland, OH. Marria Cosentino-Chapin began her dance training at the Cleveland Ballet School. At age , she moved to New York City to continue her studies at the School of American Ballet. Her instruction also comprised multiple summer intensive programs, including Miami City Ballet and several summers in Chautauqua, NY under the direction of Jean-Pierre Bonnefoux. Marria joined Pennsylvania Ballet as a member of the corps de ballet for our 3 season. She has performed in numerous works for the company, including George Balanchines Jewels, Allegro Brillante, and Serenade, Christopher Wheeldons Swan Lake and Polyphonia, Jerome Robbins Fancy Free, Alexei Ratmanskys Jeu de Cartes, and Matthew Neenans Penumbra. Prior to joining Pennsylvania Ballet, Marria performed with Carolina Ballet, where she danced from  to  and then again in , after some time with Judith Fugate and Medhi Bahiris BalletNY.

Efficient infection from cDNA clones of cucumber mosaic cucumovirus RNAs in a new plasmid vector.
Full-length cucumber mosaic cucumovirus CMV cDNAs were cloned into a new plasmid vector containing a modified plant virus promoter designed to transcribe the inserted sequence from its first nucleotide. cDNA copies of CMV strain Q Q-CMV genomic RNAs ,  and 3 cloned into this vector were infectious when inoculated together, producing symptoms indistinguishable from those caused by wildtype Q-CMV infection. The infectivity of the clones could be substantially increased by excision of the viral insert together with the transcriptional promoter and terminator prior to inoculation. A diagnostic but silent mutation was introduced into the RNA  cDNA and found to be stably maintained in viral infection, allowing distinction of the recombinant virus from native contaminants. The infectious cDNA clones supported the replication of CMV satellite RNA when co-inoculated with biologically active Q-CMV satellite RNA transcripts. Using the infectious cDNAs described, it was found that a newly-identified overlapping gene b encoded by Q-CMV RNA  was not essential for either systemic viral infection of Nicotiana glutinosa or replication of the satellite RNAs.

Three Western Illinois softball players garnered all-league honors, the Summit League announced on Tuesday May .pitched her way onto the All-Summit League First Team while first-time honoreesandfound themselves on the All-Summit League Second Team.I'm really proud of these three, head coachsaid. Each of them work hard on the field and off to do what they can to excel. Emily had great dominance on the mound, Meg has grown into a strong catcher and Jasmine has such ease tracking balls in the outfield. I'm so happy for their accomplishments.Ira is also no stranger to the first team, as she earned her way on the list the previous two seasons. The senior leads off of NCAA Division-I in strikeout-to-walk ratio, sitting down . batters per each one she walks as of Tuesday, May . Ira has struck out 33 batters as she ranks second in the Summit League this season. The Iowa City, Iowa native also ranks th in the nation with . strikeouts per seven innings pitched. Ira has won eight consecutive starts this season and has a 3- record with a . ERA that ranks third in the Summit League. Her  career complete games and . career innings pitched both rank fourth all-time in program history.Lara claimed her spot on the All-Summit League Second Team as an outfielder, roaming in centerfield this season. The Bettendorf, Iowa native has been the ideal table setter in the leadoff spot with a .3 batting average and team-high 3 hits. She currently ranks third in the Summit League with  walks and owns the fourth highest on-base percentage in the league at .3. Lara has walked  times in her Leatherneck career to rank th all-time in program history.Henson was selected to the All-Summit League Second Team for her consistency behind the plate. The Munster, Ind., native has thrown out  runners trying to steal this season, which currently stands fifth in the Summit League. She has only committed two errors this season for a . fielding percentage. At the dish, Henson hit a home run against IUPUI on Feb. , during the opening weekend of the campaign.The Leathernecks open up the Summit League tournament against Purdue Fort Wayne on Wednesday May  at .3 p.m. in Fargo, N.D.

Jennifer Hinton at the Guardian:. The issue of austerity versus stimulus is often framed as the entire debate  if you dont support one, you must support the other, because there are no alternatives. This is the same binary debate that has been going on for more than  years between the state versus the market. Yet, these dichotomies distract people from thinking about whats really important  the goal of these policies, which is to grow the economy.. No analysis Ive read thus far has questioned the damaging role that the endless quest for economic growth plays. Neither austerity nor government stimulus will ever be able to address the debt crises and recessions of the twenty-first century because what were dealing with here is an inherent contradiction of capitalism.

Dr. Chad Rose is the recipient of the CEC Division for Research  Distinguished Early Career Research Award. It was a great honor for Dr. Rose to receive this award during the Council for Exceptional Children National Conference in Indianapolis, Indiana. This award recognizes individuals who have made outstanding scientific contributions in basic andor applied research in special education within the first  years after receiving the doctoral degree Division for Research Council for Exceptional Children. The award acknowledged that Dr. Rose is considered to be one of the most promising young scholars in the area of bullying among students with disabilities. His work in bully prevention continues to gain recognition internationally. Many of Dr. Chad Rose's students and assistant researchers were able to be present as he received his award. This was a special moment for the Mizzou Ed Bully Prevention Team..

William Shatner and the Alien Gorn Settle -Year Feud. The Former Rivals Showdown in Promo for Upcoming Release of STAR TREK : THE VIDEO GAME. Rematch of legendary  TV battle between Shatner's Captain Kirk and lizard-like alien puts spotlight on STAR TREK: THE VIDEO GAME set for April 3 release. HOLLYWOOD, Calif., March , 3 PRNewswire --.. Photo:. Photo:. Logo:. The original Kirk-Gorn duel was seen in the classic  Arena episode of the STAR TREK series. Millions of people have viewed the original on YouTube at. March , and highlights the co-op play that is at the heart of STAR TREK: THE VIDEO GAME, which will be available for Xbox 3, Playstation 3 and PC. Pre-ordering is available now.. The promotional video was produced in-house at Paramount Pictures..  3 Paramount Pictures Corporation.  3 CBS Studios Inc. STAR TREK and related marks and logos are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. All Rights Reserved.. SOURCE Paramount Pictures Corporation. RELATED LINKS

Q:

Was Michael Fassbender actually under the head for most of the movie?

In Frank , the titular character Frank wears a big fake head for most of the movie. Is it Michael Fassbender who's under that head most of the movie? Or did he just act in the scenes in the last  min of the movie?

A:

I follow Jon Ronson the writer of Frank on Twitter, and he has answered that question a few times, reporting that Fassbender did wear the mask all the time. There is a Q&A with the cast of the movie on the Collider website, and Michael Fassbender gives more details.

FASSBENDER: Yeah, I found it really liberating.  The only thing that
it took a bit of getting used to  or never really getting used to 
was when we were doing the performances, the sound in there.  You
know, I would go away and I was learning an accent and Im practicing
it like this and then once you put the head on, theres a reverb thing
thats going on in there and it kind of puts the hearing off a little
bit, and its hard to sort of locate some stuff, but that was it.
The
rest was a lot of fun.  It was really cool.  It was like, as soon as I
put the head on it gave me an element of mischief.  It gives it sort
of the anarchic quality of Chris Sieveys original Frank Sidebottom
character.  I think he really sort of came out in that.
And also,
its exactly what Lenny was saying.  For the other actors, it never
mattered that I couldnt make eye contact really with other actors
because Frank is Frank and Frank lives in his own universe, and so I
was hoping for them, it would be the same.  Is he listening?  Is he
not listening?  Did he hear that?  Theyre used to him anyway.  Except
for Domhnalls character, which is a new introduction, everybodys
used to Frank with the head on.  Oh, thats just Frank doing his
thing, or whatever it is.  Whether I was engaged or not engaged, both
times I think it was a help for me and hopefully for the other guys
that were responding to him.

And later, from the same interview:

FASSBENDER: It was hot and sweaty in there sometimes.  If youre
running around in there, you cant breathe as easy as you would
without it, but like I say, I enjoyed it.  I enjoyed having the head
on.  I actually wanted to bring it on to my next job.  They wouldnt
let me.  Laughs

Although, they did have a second head for the stuntman. The only time Fassbender wasn't wearing it.

GLEESON: Theres another one for the stuntman that had little bits cut
out.  The one time its not Michael is when the guy gets knocked over
by the car.



In  First Call launched several new locations including Baltimore, MD. Columbia, SC and Woodbridge, NJ. Additionally First Call added several new employees and added additional equipment to better serve our clients needs. First Call now covers from New York, South through Georgia and West through Tennessee. In  First Call will nearly triple the number of projects when compared to  and we look forward to continued growth in . First Call Environmental specializes in  Hour Emergency Spill Response and Remediation services: --

Capsized Eight. Topic: Testing.  principles of successful app testing. I guess there are two kinds of people in the world: the ones who make things and the ones who....  min. You think your app is ready for publishing? Well, think again.. These ingredients will help you create a successful app in the long run, but only if you add them.... Is your Android emulator just too slow?. Testing on multiple mobile devices is costly, time consuming and the default Android emulator is....  min. The Infinum Test Lab: Device testing. If you want to find bugs in your software before the user does, you need to test on a respectable....  min.

To El Hub when he insists that theres an upper limit on the number of liners I could possibly need on a trip, I say, Pish-tosh!

Were only gonna be two days! he says. Why would you need  liners?

Advertisement

My response: to pack  eyeliners! And then to painstakingly describe every single one in great detail, and how my happiness  no, my very survival!  depends on having all of them with me. 

Hey, you just never know when youll get the urge to do a two-color double-winged flick? YOU NEVER KNOW!

This is why I find LORACs new $ Ready, Set, Splash kit appealing

That, and the quick-drying, waterproof formula.

The sets four twist-up pencils come in colors that work well with most of my favorite summer eye looks.

Ultra Black, Navy, Charcoal and Jade will take you from poolside to dinner party in the blink of a cat eye, and when I want a smudgy vibe, I can just flip one over, and use the sponge tip on the back side.

From the left: Ultra Black, Charcoal, Jade and Navy

All of them are waterproof along the lash line. I just have to remember to keep my hands away from my eyes  no rubbing! Otherwise they start to disappear.

Advertisement

When I use these, I always try to remember to use short strokes, because theyre a little on the hard side. If Im not careful, theyll skip and look uneven.

If youre hoping to wear these along your water line, you might want to pause or as Tabs says, paws first. I need from 3- layers to get the formula to really stick there, giving it about a minute between layers to dry.

Best for: Matte finish eye liner fans with a hankerin for a waterproof pencil to wear along their lash lines. And glide, these dont, so you probably should be okay with harder textures.

Wow, love the colors! And like you said, I do love the look of the double color wing. All set to go and buy em, and then I noticed you said they do not glide, boo hop, I guess Ill pass on these pretties after all.Allison recently posted  Guerlain Le Top Coat Gel: Manicure Savior?

Congressman Ben Ray Lujn of New Mexico's Third District and Ranking Member on the Indian and Alaska Native Affairs Subcommittee highlighted legislation that passed the House earlier this week to allow Indian tribes to request a declaration of emergency or major disaster from the President.. , Congressman Lujn said. I am pleased that by working with my colleagues across the aisle, this important legislation earned wide bipartisan support and now moves on to the Senate.. H.R. 3 amends the Stafford Act to allow tribes to make requests directly to the President. Under current law, tribes must rely on state governments to make a request when there is a disaster on tribal land.. The bill was introduced by Representative Jeff Denham of California and passed with unanimous support on Wednesday, September . It has been referred to the Senate for further action.. Source:

Day: April , 

The highly anticipated and much talked about launch of North Sydneys newest bar and eatery, Hunter Gatherer, occurred on Tuesday  April .

Located on the Greenwood Plaza rooftop, the venue is by the owners of renowned Bondi establishments The Corner House and Panama House.

Over  guests attended the cocktail and canap style event, including top media, bloggers and influencers. Guests were welcomed with a choice of two cocktails: Burnt by the Storm Bundaberg Rum, in-house made salted caramel ginger beer and lime and Cobbled Together Tanqueray Gin, Fino Sherry, in-house made preserved nectarines and lemon. Wines from Mad Hatters and beer and ciders from Sydney Brewery were also flowing all night. Craft sodas were also provided from PS Soda consisting of the flavours of smoked lemonade, grapefruit gentina tonic, wattle cola

The interior designed by Sonarchitecture fuses contemporary Danish design with rustic farmhouse finishes, and an abundance of lush greenery throughout blends the indoors seamlessly with the outdoors and onto the large terrace. The Italian designed feature wall is a focal point of the venue, illuminating landscape imagery with a psychedelic twist.

Check out the following conversation from Caffe Latte CHAT And you won't wanna miss Jacksaid's response and Kar Yong's response. . s plan for the nation. It is inevitable for pastors to preach on issues relating to good governance like justice, righteousness, fairness and moral principles.?. .. Lee: To answer directly to Teresa, MCAs.. Politics from the pulpit. Kim Kong:...  comments:. That is a very interesting post on social phobia! In fact, to find out more about social phobia, check out, they have many great articles and tips to guide you.. Funny how Bishop Hwa Yung introduced the Agora as blog for yuppies last Sat... Hahahahah!. for about three seconds there i thought this post was about salvation and predestination grin

I love everything new, unusual and nonstandard things. I like to study. My system of values is balance. I want to have a loved man near me, with whom we will bring up our happy kids.. Looking for... My future husband is attractive, sportive, educated, with sense of humor, kind, not overweight, without bad habits, from Europe  except Germany and Spain, loving active life style and traveling, a man who probably wants to have child. Well off. Please don't write to me without photo, I have serious intentions. I don't like men with long hair, beards or mustaches. I respect everyone! I ask you to give me an opportunity to find a man of my dreams, please don't waste mine and yours time. I like to live in my own home, with a lot of flowers around.. Artistic, many - sided, bright, active. Sport, traveling, photography. Age: to . Ethnicity: WhiteEuropean

Gartner Magic Quadrant for Insight Engines . Attivio was recognized for our completeness in vision and ability to execute.:. All these barriers boil down to two things: control and access. And balancing control and access make up a large part of what keeps CDOs up at night. To learn more about what makes a CDO a CDO, check out our -minute Guide to the Challenges of a CDO.

Ion-hardness, chemical resistance, bio-compatibility,. Group of Nuclear Analytic Methods systematically partake in the study of synthesizing, structure and properties of advanced materials for microelectronic, optic, optoelectronic, cryogenic and materials with exclusive properties microhardness, chemical resistance, biocompatibility, etc... Nuclear analytic methods have been developed and extensively used in The Department of Nuclear Physics Academy of Science of Czech republic since the early s of the last century. In particular, neutron activating analysis and prompt methods of analysis with charged particles beam and beam of neutrons was handled. During the past period several analytical methods were innovated, practical experience of their application was obtained in collaboration with many Czech and foreign scientific enterprises and organizations.. R.

For years, Starlight Liquor has been offering the community of Liberal, KS an extensive variety of beer including both craft and domestic choices as well as many exceptional varietals of wine and spirits.. We are proud to provide fully stocked shelves that display our large selection of products. Our friendly staff is trained and educated in all aspects of wine, liquor, and beer, and are available to assist you with choosing a products that fit your taste and your needs. We assist our customers to the best of our ability, and constantly update our stock with new and exciting inventory.. For all of your wine, beer, and liquor needs, stop in and see the experts at Starlight Liquor today!. 3 N. Kansas Ave. Liberal, KS . Monday-Friday: :am - :pm. Saturday: :am - :pm.  -333

 ft  3 m Matrix   Refit .  Guests   Staterooms   Crew. US $,  $,  week plus expenses. We could not have had a more spectacular, fun and active vacation surrounded by true professionals and new friends. Its safe to say everyone in our group was over the moon. We compliment you all on your exquisite service.. SummerWinter: Caribbean Virgin Islands. More Information

Sharing Tips & Tricks To Live Better On Less.

 Ways Monthly Meal Planning Can Save Money!

Have you tried Monthly Meal Planning? It can save you time, money, and your sanity, for real!

Its the fifteen minute countdown for you to come up with an answer before you are sure to hear: Mom! Whats for dinner?

But, you havent had time to even think about dinner, much less plan for it and you know if you dont come up with something fast  youre going to be consumed by hungry little monsters well, you know what I mean! lol

The next thing that pops in your mind and theirs? Fast food its just easier and faster, everyone will be happy and you wont have to wash dishes after. But, stop and think: now youre about to spend FOUR TIMES what it would have cost you to make a meal at home.

Lets talk about how to fix this problem, save you money, and lower the stress of dinnertime.

Once you learn how to effectively meal plan you will become completely infatuated with MONTHLY meal planning! Weekly planning is great, but. monthly planning takes your stress levels down to an all time low! One more thing off your plate no pun intended means more time for other important things in your life.

Dont be overwhelmed by the thought of becoming a monthly family meal planner! Even if youre a weekly meal planner, all youll need is a couple hours, one day a month, to plan for the next month. Get out your planner, favorite recipes, and of course Pinterest, and start making your menu and grocery list.

You can also save a good amount of money with weekly planning. Once you give monthly planning a try youll be shocked that you can actually lower your grocery budget by as much as  and more!

Lets look at these  ways monthly meal planning will save you even more money:

Skip The Drive Through

The very first thing monthly planning is going to eliminate is the urge to hit the drive through. Since you already know what you will be making for dinner each night, you already have the ingredients ready to go, it really is a no brainer!

Every time you buy fast food youre spending about four times the cost of making your meal at home. That certainly adds up!

No Last Minute Store Runs

How many times have you been halfway through preparing dinner and realize that you are missing a key ingredient? Quickly you try to scramble up the kids who are already hungry remember? and make a run to the grocery store.

Not only is this super stressful, chances are you are not going to strictly buy that one ingredient you needed in the first place. Its a little scary how the costs of a few extra items each time you are at the store add up. Monthly meal planning is going to drastically reduce the number of times you go to the store each month and as a result minimize this extra spending saving you even MORE.

Save That Gas

Its simple. The less you have to drive your car the less gas you will use and the less money you will need to spend on gas. Once you start monthly meal planning you can save as much as over $ each month on gas!

Making less last minute trips to the store and doing one large shopping trip at the beginning of the month are both ways you are going to save money on gas.

No Waste

You know what I mean, that moldy old produce in the back of the fridge. Its enough to make you sick in more ways than one when you have to throw out food. Thats just like throwing money in the trash.

When you monthly meal plan there isnt going to be any moldy veggies hiding in the crisper since you will only be buying exactly what you need. No more impulse buying because you think that you need an extra head of lettuce because maybe you will use it for a meal this week. No more throwing your money away!

No More Dinnertime Stress

Are you a stressful spender? You might not even realize it yet but you might be. When the last minute dinner stress sets in, you are bound to spend more money than necessary.

You will be amazed at how getting an entire month of meal planning out of the way is going to lower your stress levels and more than just at dinnertime! You will be freeing up more time in your week, and as a result you will have more time to think about all the other things that need your attention. Youll be spending less money on groceries and gas meaning less stress paying the bills because youll have more to apply elsewhere. Monthly meal planning equals less stress!

Get Rid Of The Guilt

We know we arent feeding our family healthy food when we grab fast food. Even with fast food places making changes its still not healthy food. By creating your own healthy meal plans you know exactly what is going into the food you feed your family and youll eliminate the guilt that comes with the fast food diet. Youll be setting your kids up to eat better for their whole lives and giving them a firm healthy foundation that will last throughout their lives, as well.

Are you convinced to try out monthly meal planning yet? From saving your sanity, saving time, and money, to making healthier choices for your family monthly planning is a win-win situation for your everyone.

Think about how much money it will save your family and how you can easily make monthly planning work into your super tight budget.

If you decide to try it, please drop back by and let us now how it works out for you. Sharing with others helps us all.

Find space for pop up shops
Glasgow

This Scottish city is big on space and full of creativity.

Perched on the River Clyde is Scotlands biggest city. Glasgow is actually the third largest city in the UK, with a population of , people. Here youre walking through one of the Industrial Revolutions pivotal districts. With a rich history in engineering, textiles and shipbuilding still evident wherever you wander.

Today, Glasgow is also famous for its arts and culture scene. With the School of Art, Zaha Hadids award-winning Riverside Museum, and Kelvingrove Art Gallery & Museum all making waves. Visitors also flock to Hampden Park for a taste of football history.

And with plenty of space and a curious population, its no surprise Glasgow has the nations second highest retail spend after London. Check out the Style Mile hotspots of Princes Square and Buchanan Street for cool shops and big brand names. Or head to the West End, for acclaimed vintage and antique boutiques.

DETOX FACE MASK. $.. Our Detox Face Mask is made using earth clays which help to detoxify the skin. It controls excess oil production and helps inflamed and acne prone skin. Some of the benefits include:. - Tightens pores and reduces excess oil production. - Helps to shrink pores and acne. - Removes toxins and dirt build up on skin surface. - Excellent for oily and acne prone skin. - Brightens and evens out skintone. Directions. Scoop a part of the detox clay mask in a clean bowl. Add rose water and mix. apply to damp facial skin and neck. Wait for  minutes and rinse off. Follow up with the Luminous Glow Elixir to prevent dryness.. INGREDIENTS. Rhassoul clay, fullers earth clay, activated charcoal, kaolin clay, bentonite clay, neem extract, turmeric extract, sandalwood powder.. Reviews. There are no reviews yet.

Scaramouche opened its doors on February ,  with the group exhibition, The Practice of Joy Before Death; It just would not be a party without you which brought together an eclectic and exciting group of artists living and working in the New York area.. The gallery is dedicated to the bold and enlightening journeys of both the emerging and established artist. Working in a variety of media, from the traditional to the more unusual and innovative, these artists explore contemporary reality through site-specific installation, with particular emphasis on conceptual and identity-based painting, photography, video and performance work.. It is Scaramouches mission to introduce artists from around the globe, often premiering their first U.S. solo exhibitions. In addition to showing the work of gallery artists, Scaramouche regularly produces group exhibitions comprised of diverse artists representing a broad range of work.

For as long as I can remember, sport, athletics and fitness have been an integral part of my life. From competing in track and field and soccer at an early age in Trinidad, and then moving onto baseball when I moved to Canada. In high school I joined the football and rugby teams,I remember and to this day still love the feeling that comes with competing. The validation of the practice, and hours alone spent training. The camaraderie amongst you and your teammates after a tough win, and tough losses. People often say that sports are a great tool for teaching life lessons. In my case they were a tool that i used to develop confidence, self awareness, and build life long friendships. It also taught me discipline, commitment, and accountability. My first year at York University, I decided... Read the profile . Power Yoga Canada Oakville. ... 

Do You Have a Loved One at Heritage Springs Memory Care Center?. April , . Here are Some Tips to Use When Visiting Your Loved One!. August , . Construction is progressing on our new -bed neighborhood addition. The building is now framed and under roof, windows have arrived, and the siding and exterior finishes have begun. We are on schedule to open in November of this year and have begun accepting applications for both residents and employees.

Company portrait. Prediggo is a growing Saas company born at EPFLs AI lab  years ago. We develop and commercialize to e-merchants a complete merchandising suite based on advanced AI technologies. The solution includes an internal search engine, a recommendation and personalization engine and much more. Our clients are eCommerce Leaders such as Intermarch, Payot, or Denner. In recent years, Prediggos solution has become a reference in the eMerchandising industry in France and Switzerland.. Job offers. There are no vacancies at the moment.. Keep an eye on this company by adding it to your Favorites.

I really didnt feel like doing this today. Im in a bad mood for a fucking good reason. Hope everything sorts out.. But. It is the last day of March so here it fucking goes.. Ive wanted this type of shortsskirt dark blue with dots stars since last year, and I finally found it. Second-hand. I paid  kunas for it , $ but it is to big so I will have to do a little re-do with a sewing machine. No problem.. The shirt is sleeveless and I loooove the material. That was less than a dollar in a sale in textile house.. Sorry for all the fuckings, I cant be in a good mood all the time.. Sometimes only the F-word will do . Hopefully you will have days ahead where the F-word will turn into an H-word whatever is a happy word for you 

Duct Tape - a Doom 3 mod

Under the crazy presumption that a roll of duct tape has to exist somewhere on the Mars facility, the Duct Tape mod sticks flashlights to your machinegun and shotgun. In order to preserve the atmosphere, these new lights are much narrower and a little brighter than the standard flashlight, and are only available on the basic weapons. The pistol is not equipped with a flashlight, so as not to spoil the early sections of the game.

Download

A readme.txt within the archive contains installation instructions. Note that the file now contains files for both Doom3 .3 and Doom3: Resurrection of Evil. For Doom3 .3, copy the pak.pk file into your base folder, for Resurrection of Evil, copy the pak.pk file into the appropriate folder no idea what it's called as I don't have it. Be careful not to overwrite your existing basepak.pk folder.

MiscFAQ

Duct Tape was downloaded over , times in the first  hours of its release not including downloads from the mirrors at various mod sites.

A toggle to turn the light on and off is coming. Perhaps.

The smaller cone is intentional see above; if you want it as large as the flashlight, either use Duct Tape  or replace lightsflashlight.tga in pak.pk with lightsflashlight.tga from pak.pk

Not adding the flashlight to all the weapons is also intentional see above.

The Doom3 SDK is not available - all you need to create mods like this is in the .pk files use an unzip utility on them.

It's a mod - that it changes the game to something not intended by id is a given. Most find the game more fun using it, you may not.

If you really feel like it, donations server costs, the usual stuff can be sent here:
amounts below US$ generally get swallowed up entirely by credit card fees.

Q:

Do NSArrays stay sorted when saved then retrieved from a plist

Simple question do NSArrays stay sorted when saved to a plist and then retrieved? 
I am having a sorting issue when i retrieve my array from my plist so i was curious.
I think it may also be a problem with this line. Do these maintain the order from titles followed the order of titleArr?
NSMutableArray allTitles  NSMutableArray alloc init;
allTitles addObjectsFromArray:titles;
allTitles addObjectsFromArray:titleArr;

How I save to plist
imageInfo  NSMutableArray array init;

    NSMutableArray Listing  NSMutableArray array;
    imageInfo addObject:Listing;

    NSDictionary Images  NSDictionary dictionaryWithObjectsAndKeys:
                            allTitles, kKeyTitle,
                            allMediaUrls, kKeyThumbUrl,
                            allWidths, kKeyThumbWidth,
                            allHeights, kKeyThumbHeight,
                            nil;
    Listing addObject:Images;

    NSArray sysPaths  NSSearchPathForDirectoriesInDomainsNSDocumentDirectory ,NSUserDomainMask, YES;

    NSString documentsDirectory  sysPaths objectAtIndex:;

    NSString filePath  documentsDirectory stringByAppendingPathComponent:image.plist;

    NSLogPlist File Path: , filePath;

    BOOL didWriteToFile  imageInfo writeToFile:filePath atomically:YES;

    if didWriteToFile 
        NSLogWrite to .plist file is a SUCCESS!;
     else 
        NSLogWrite to .plist file is a FAILURE!;
    

A:

Yes if titles and titleArr are sorted than allTitles  will also be sorted. 
First all objects of titles will be added and than at all objects titleArr will be added as addObjectsFromArray method starts adding object array towards the end of receiving array.
Here is more info from Apple Docs

Adds the objects contained in another given array to the end of the
  receiving arrays content.

So yes plist  will have sorted array.



The Washington Township High School National Honor Society is again participating in the Stockings for Soldiers campaign, a drive to help the Stockings for Soldiers organization in Wilmington, De., reach its goal of preparing , filled stocking to send to U.S. military troops stationed abroad at the holidays.. Specifically, the NHS is asking for donations of lip balm and gum. The group will also accept monetary donations that will be donated to the Stockings for Soldiers group to offset shipping costs.. Community members are invited to drop of donations in designated boxes in the main offices of WTHSs , core and  main offices or the in the IMC, by Wednesday, November 3, . Those wishing to make a donation by check should make the check payable to the WTHS FundStockings for Soldiers and mail or deliver the check to NHS Co-Adviser Denise Skow, WTHS  building,  Hurffville-Cross Keys Road, Sewell, NJ . For more information, contact Skow at -, x.

detailed resume template beautiful free professional perfect builder.. my perfect resume free trial toll number best of template,my perfect resume templates free download cover page examples example not,resume template example of a perfect free career my toll number,my perfect resume toll free number is yahoo answers top customer service builder,free resume builder my perfect is templates trial,free perfect resume template templates for word my toll number here are layout impressive modern,resume and cover letter builder generator for free my perfect,my perfect resume not free template word examples professional skills templates download toll number,how to make the perfect resume for free template download my builder,my perfect resume free trial template builder.

If you get a server of your own, it will work independently, so it will have its own Os and you could later install server side apps directly or script-driven sites via a hosting Control Panel. While keeping the Operating System updated is not always considered an absolute necessity, it can be a rather important task for a variety of reasons. A more modern OS version may have better support for certain hardware, so you could get better performance for the internet sites and web apps you install. Your server shall also be more secure since updates normally include security patches that resolve small problems which may enable unauthorized people to access your content. Last, but not least, more modern script versions, which are also released for both enhanced security and for additional features, may require a later version of the Os in order to work correctly and with their full capabilities.

Blazers. Blazers. The Blazers is one of the most versatile and wearable garments in a mans wardrobe. It comes in many different styles and in a large variety of materials, such as wool, linen and cotton.. It works well together with both formal trousers, such as flannels, and more casual trousers, such as chinos and jeans. You can wear it over a shirt and tie for a smarter look or dress it down using a sweater.. At Baltzar we offer a wide selection of Blazers from brands such as Tagliatore, Caruso, Lardini and Eduard Dressler.. Historically, the blazer was used specifically for sporting activities such as hunting and riding. It was first in the s that the blazer was accepted in social, indoor activities. Today, you see more people wearing blazers and formal trousers rather than suits.

TITLE: Cooking Jacket. A jacket for use in cooking large pieces of meat, Thanksgiving turkeys, chickens, roasts and the like.... A Bit Of Thanksgiving Day History. - A resolution was signed by President George Washington on October 3  to officially set a day of public thanksgiving and prayer.. - On October 3, 3, the proclamation was made by President Lincoln that beginning on November , 3 - the last Thursday in November was a Day of Thanksgiving. This was then passed by an Act of Congress.

Justification of exclusion criteria was underreported in a review of cardiovascular trials.
Ethical guidelines for human subject research require that the burdens and benefits of participation be equally distributed. This study aimed to provide empirical data on exclusion of trial participants and reasons for this exclusion. As a secondary objective, we assessed to what extent exclusion affects generalizability of study results. Review of trials on secondary prevention of cardiovascular events. One hundred thirteen trials were identified, of which  reported exclusion criteria. One study justified the exclusion criteria applied. Ambiguous exclusion criteria due to the opinion of the physician  of    or physical disability  of    were reported. Within groups of trials that studied similar treatments ie, beta-blocker, clopidogrel, or statin therapy, baseline characteristics differed among trials. For example, the proportion of women ranged between 3.-., .-3., and .-. for the clopidogrel, beta-blocker, and statin trials, respectively. Nevertheless, no evidence was found for heterogeneity of treatment effects. Almost none of the articles justified the applied exclusion criteria. No evidence was found that inclusion of dissimilar participants affected generalizability. To allow for a normative discussion on equitable selection of study populations, researchers should not only report exclusion criteria but also the reasons for using these criteria.

Monday, December 3, . Thursday, December , . Design Creative Process of Three Kings. Click the image for a larger view.. When I draw digitally, I have a Wacom tablet, Bamboo Fun, the smallest and cheapest model.. Saturday, December , . Monday, December , . Moving Forward. Monday, December , . Home Made Christmas Cards. This past weekend I decided to bite the bullet and put some cards together using some of the digital drawings I have been playing with lately.. At this time of the year, I like to buy a box of  Strathmore photo cards because they have neat little windows where one can insert a photo or art or a piece of painted silk or fabric. Once mounted the cards take on a professional look.. I realized I have a lot of new angel designs so I took them into Painter and added a few touches and in no time I had about ten cards all mounted and ready to go. All I need now is to sit down and write notes inside.. I took a photo of some of them to post here.. Friday, December , . More Angels

Q:

Removing emails from all mailboxes with certain text in subject

So, we had an errant program kick off about , emails to our users.  I have our spam filters now blocking these on the edge until that gets resolved, but now I would like to clean our our users' mailboxes for them.  Is there anyway with Exchange  to remove all emails with certain text in the subject line?  It would need to be a partial match because the subject changes slightly for each email.
I am trying to do this with Forefront's manual scan job  content filter, but it does not seem to like partial matches on the subject.

A:

I haven't used it myself, but the export-mailbox PowerShell command should be what you need using the -Deletecontent option along with the -SubjectKeywords option.  Here's the link from MSDN on export-mailbox.  I also found this blog post with some good information.
Sample:

Get-Mailbox  Export-Mailbox
  -SubjectKeywords Text to block -Deletecontent -confirm:$false
  -whatif omit -whatif to actually run the command.



DWS Multi-Market IncomeOwners of DWS Multi-Market Income NYSE: KMM shares as of market close today will be eligible for a dividend of  cents per share. At a price of $.3 as of :3 a.m. ET, the dividend yield is .. The average volume for DWS Multi-Market Income has been , shares per day over the past 3 days. DWS Multi-Market Income has a market cap of $. million and is part of the financial services industry. Shares are down . year-to-date as of the close of trading on Thursday. STOCKS TO BUY: TheStreet Quant Ratings has identified a handful of stocks that can potentially TRIPLE in the next  months. Learn more. The company has a PE ratio of ... - See our top-yielding stocks list.

A.. We were all taken aback, Kaptchuk said. We triple-checked the data before we decided it was real.. The results, which Kaptchuk said need to be replicated in a longer, larger study, show that placebo pills could be useful for chronic pain, depression and anxiety, among other ailments, without the need for deception.. My personal hypothesis is this would not happen without a positive doctor-patient relationship, Kaptchuk said.. Others agreed.. What seems to be the active ingredient is the warm, personal relationship, said Dr. Howard Brody of the University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston.. Tor Wager, a cognitive neuroscientist at the University of Colorado at Boulder, said this and future research may help change the way doctors treat their patients.. In terms of medical research, theres been a big gap between what people feel is true in the clinic and what is scientifically investigated, he said. This study takes a step toward filling that gap. It shows the human context essentially does matter.

The present invention relates to a handheld spraying device adapted for at-home kitchen use and, more particularly, to such a device employing a quick disconnect feature that allows the user to replace the spraying mechanism with mechanisms of different shapes, sizes and spraying features without having to replace the connecting hose assembly.
Handheld spraying devices are becoming increasingly popular for in-home kitchen use for a variety of applications ranging from dishwashing to the spraying of vegetables. For different applications, different nozzle sizes and shapes and spraying patterns are preferred. While a variety of quick disconnect mechanisms have heretofore been developed to permit quick and easy disassembly of a spray nozzle for cleaning or replacement, such mechanisms are often relatively complicated and thus are relatively expensive to manufacture and difficult to use andor require the use of separate tools. As a result, such devices have not met with widespread acceptance. It would be highly desirable if a disconnect assembly could  be incorporated into a handheld spraying device that was of simple construction, inexpensive to manufacture and could be easily utilized to change the spraying mechanism without having to replace the connecting hose assembly and without the need for tools or complicated multi-step procedures to provide a plurality of spray features for different applications. The present invention provides such an assembly.

Undead are creatures who have died and been reborn with infusion from the plane of Mabar. The undead are created through necromancy. Undead can be created by lone necromancers, or by the great powers of Eberron, such as the Lich Queen Vol or the nation of Karrnath.. Behind the ScenesEdit. In the 3rd edition game mechanics, undead are considered one of the major creature types, which are Aberrations, Animals, Constructs, Dragons, Deathless, Elementals, Fey, Giants, Humanoids, Magical Beasts, Monstrous Humanoids, Oozes, Outsiders, Plants, Undead, and Vermin. Within the 3rd edition mechanics, all undead have -sided hit dice; have no constitution scores; have darkvision; are immune to poison, sleep effects, paralysis, stunning, disease, death effects, and mind-affecting charms and abilities; are immune to critical hits, non-lethal damage, energy drains, ability drains, fatigue and exhaustion; cannot heal on their own; and are destroyed when they reach  hit points; amongst other characteristics.

There are lots of content writing services providers in the world, but Seo Good Work is one of the most trusted content writing companies worldwide.. The content writing services of Seo Good Work include SEO content writing, article writing services, website content writing and blog content writing, etc.. Our talented, experienced and professional website content writers can provide  unique and original content quickly and efficiently. We offer SEO content writing services at the very affordable price. Seo Good Work. Seo Good Work is one of the leading and trusted graphic design agencies in the world.. Really informative, thanks for sharing this!

Filter Results:. Publication Year. . 3. Publication Type. Co-author. Publication Venue. Key Phrases. Learn More. Recommended by Ariadne Malamitsi-Puchner. More. OBJECTIVE The aim of the present study was to evaluate the serum and urinary levels of leptin and ghrelin in children with primary idiopathic nephrotic syndrome NS, to compare these results between patients during the relapse and remission phase and to evaluate the possible role of leptin and ghrelin in the pathogenesis of NS. PATIENTS AND METHODS More

Was this page useful?

Intermountain Healthcare Teams with GE Healthcare in Effort to Reduce Patients' CT Radiation Dose by up to  Percent

Salt Lake CityIntermountain Healthcare today announced a joint effort with GE Healthcare to help further reduce radiation dose in Computed Tomography CT procedures at its facilities by up to  percent. Intermountain and GE Healthcare will collaborate to further reduce patients' radiation dose through the GE Blueprint for low dose, a comprehensive solution combining technology, people and processes. The GE Blueprint program will include a special focus on reducing radiation during pediatric imaging procedures, and was announced today at Intermountain's Primary Children's Medical Center in Salt Lake City.

CT imaging is a critical tool in helping physicians diagnose disease and has positively impacted millions of adults and children. Through collaboration with GE Healthcare and implementation of innovative imaging technologies and system-specific solutions, Intermountain will continue to lead in further reducing radiation dose while maintaining exceptional image quality in diagnostic procedures. The program will include a focus on the unique needs of pediatric patients, leveraging technologies and protocols to help doctors match body size and type to appropriate scans.

Ensuring high quality images at the lowest possible radiation dose is a priority in every diagnostic imaging procedure at Intermountain, including an emphasis on the specific needs of children in our care, said Dr. Keith White, medical director of Imaging Services for Intermountain Healthcare. Through our work with GE Healthcare, we continue to invest in the very latest solutions to optimize imaging, delivering the highest standards of care to all patients.

GE Healthcare has long been committed to working with health care providers, including the nation's leading hospitals, to help them continuously reduce radiation dose in CT imaging, said Steve Gray, vice president and general manager of CT & Advantage Workstation for GE Healthcare. We look forward to collaborating with clinical leaders at Intermountain Healthcare and building upon GE's announcement last year of more than $ million of investment in low-dose technologies over  years.

Traditionally in CT, high-image quality often required greater patient exposure to diagnostic radiation, and conversely, lower dose levels for the patient usually meant lower image clarity. Over the last four decades, CT technology and processes have evolved. Together with GE Healthcare, Intermountain is helping change the equation by continuing to lower radiation dose while maintaining diagnostic image quality - in adult as well as pediatric imaging.

 GE Blueprint's goal is to work with healthcare providers to reduce their average patient exposure by up to  percent, based on longitudinal tracking of average dose. The dose reduction goal is the result of a comprehensive program covering a full array of dose reduction principles. It is not solely based on equipment features. Individual site achievement will vary and any percentage reduction is dependent on the initial baseline for that site. In all cases diagnostic image quality must be maintained.

ABOUT INTERMOUNTAIN HEALTHCARE

Intermountain Healthcare is a Utah-based system of  nonprofit hospitals,  clinics, a Medical Group with some  employed physicians, a health plans division called SelectHealth, and other health services. Intermountain is widely recognized as a leader in clinical quality improvement and in efficient healthcare delivery. For more information about Intermountain, visit www.intermountainhealthcare.org

ABOUT GE HEALTHCARE

GE Healthcare provides transformational medical technologies and services that are shaping a new age of patient care. Our broad expertise in medical imaging and information technologies, medical diagnostics, patient monitoring systems, drug discovery, biopharmaceutical manufacturing technologies, performance improvement and performance solutions services help our customers to deliver better care to more people around the world at a lower cost. In addition, we partner with healthcare leaders, striving to leverage the global policy change necessary to implement a successful shift to sustainable healthcare systems.

The GE Healthcare healthymagination vision for the future invites the world to join us on our journey as we continuously develop innovations focused on reducing costs, increasing access and improving quality around the world. Headquartered in the United Kingdom, GE Healthcare is a unit of General Electric Company NYSE: GE. Worldwide, GE Healthcare employees are committed to serving healthcare professionals and their patients in more than  countries. For more information about GE Healthcare, visit our website at www.gehealthcare.com. For GE's latest news, please visit http:newsroom.gehealthcare.com.

3.  Comments. We all need a best friend, a friend that is willing to do the necessary things that will help the person who is in need. Let us be open minded and let us always do what is needed to be that person that will give us a better life. Let us ensure that the person that we love should feel it because we might lose them if we will not take care of them. We must learn how to be a good friend to them as well. Let us always be a good role model to everyone.. I have found here wonderful water restoration and generating effective fire damage clear and more services available here. Thanks for sharing great environmental cleaning

Q:

Bash beginner: Edit value and add new values

I have a group of files of varying line number that always finish like this
 molecules 
; Compound        mols
ProteinchainA     
SOL             

What I'd like to do using bash is subtract  from the value for SOL and add a new line like so within the file the ideal would be with two tabs between the SOL and CL and their respective values
SOL       
CL        

I've tried bits and pieces with awk and sed but it keeps bugging on me. Would it be best to just use something else like Python?

A:

I would use the language I know the best Perl in my case. But bash and its tools can serve you well, too:

    head -n- $file
    read sol num  tail -n $file
    echo $sol$'t'$num-
    echo CL$'t'
  $file.new
mv $file.new $file



Meet The Doctor. DAVID H. SCHWIMER D.M.D.. Dr. Schwimer is a Board Certfied Periodontist who has practiced periodontics and implant dentistry in Mt. Lebanon for 3 years. Services are provided in a state of the art facility utilizing the most current technologies and techniques, including digital radiography, intaoral photography, and laser surgery. Services are provided in a comfortable and friendly environment.. Dr. Schwimer received his Doctor of Dental Medicine degree from the University of Pittsburgh in  and his Periodontics Certficate from the University of Pennsylvania in . Diplomate status in the American Academy of Periodontotlogy was earnedin 3. Dr. Schwimer has taught postdoctoral periodontics at the University of Pittsburgh for many years. He keeps abreast of the most current concepts and treatment modalities by attending numerous contiuing education programs.

The purpose will be to recognize and honor those persons who through their humanitarian performance, professional achievements andor civicpatriotic service reflect credit on the Ayersville Local Schools so that present-day students may find identity with the past and establish goals for the future. The Hall of Honor will reinforce and enhance a positive image of the Ayersville Local Schools both inside and outside the district as it also strives to foster an increased sense of pride among students, faculty, staff, alumni, and residents.. Selection Criteria as follows:. A maximum of three 3 honorees will be selected each year and recognizedinducted at a winter event.. For graduates of Ayersville Local Schools. Former staff and others. Nominations for the  Hall of Honor are being accepted in the High School office. Below is the applications. All applications are due November nd, .. AYERSVILLE LOCAL SCHOOLS HoH Nomination Form .docx

TEMECULA: City wrapping up review of wireless antenna plan

The city is getting ready to wrap up what has turned into a
monthslong review of Houston-based
Crown Castle
International's
plan to install a huge wireless antenna system
across a wide swath of Temecula.

Since March, the city Planning Commission has approved 3 of the
3 antennas that will make up the system, which initially will be
used by
MetroPCS
to enhance
its local coverage.

Many of the antennas, which are nodes in a grid that covers the
majority of the city's southern and eastern reaches, are light
poles with antennas attached to the side.

In areas where city residents didn't want extra light, they will
just be poles with antennas that look like stereo speakers attached
to the sides.

Stuart Fisk, city senior planner, said Friday that Crown Castle
is working with residents on placing the final four nodes and he
expects that the commission could consider the last batch in
November.

Illustrating the challenges Crown Castle has faced as it has
worked to find places for its nodes, Fisk said a resident who lives
near Crowne Hill Drive asked for a pole that had been approved to
be moved away from her home, to
Crowne Hill and Pauba Road.

The commission was set to look at that new location this week,
but the item was postponed because residents who live near the
corner were concerned about the antenna.

So it's back to the drawing board for Crown Castle, a company
that last year bought New Path Networks Inc. to boost its wireless
infrastructure business.

Fisk said some of the other issues to be worked out are
relatively minor. Crown Castle is working to secure permission to
use an existing wood utility pole in one location instead of
installing a new metal pole, and it is looking at moving a pole
near the clubhouse in the
Paseo
del Sol neighborhood.

As the commission has reviewed each of the nodes in the past few
months, it has heard from residents worried about radiation that
will be emitted from the devices.

The commission, however, cannot consider those types of concerns
when approving or denying the application because of federal law.
It can only rule on narrow issues such as aesthetics.

Other residents have asked why the city needs more wireless
coverage, especially in neighborhoods already wired by large
carriers.

Patrick Richardson, director of planning and redevelopment, has
responded by saying the city has to treat Crown Castle as a
utility, and utilities are allowed to use the public right of way
---- in this case, sidewalks and the like ---- to install
infrastructure for the public good.

As for how the city would handle applications by other companies
looking to follow in Crown Castle's path, Assistant City Attorney
Bill Curley said that the city would ask future companies to work
with existing infrastructure rather than build new poles.

Along those lines, Crown Castle reps have said that the system
will be able to handle additional carriers in the future, such as
AT&T, Verizon and Sprint.

Love Meatballs! presents  of the best meatball recipes from around the world including pasta, soups, sandwiches, appetizers and more. Some of the recipes you'll find are Greek Keftedes with Tzatziki, Beef Meatballs in Pho, Vietnamese Bahn Mi, Morroccan Meatballs, Checkered Tablecloth Spaghetti and Meatballs, and Grilled Cheeseball Sliders. In addition to recipes you'll find a helpful introduction with all kinds of little tips and tricks for producing perfect meatballs every time.. - EAN. - . - Autor. - Rick Rodgers. - Kd zbo. - . - Poet strnek. - . - Rozmry. - 3 x  x 3

Quality Management, Audits And Inspections. This course provides advanced topics in quality management and business improvement methods that apply to the pharmaceutical industry. Emphasis will be placed on specific issues of industry, audits, and inspections, as well as the successful selection and presentation of business and quality improvement projects to produce compliance and competitive advantage.. Credit Hours:. 3. Department:. Location:. West Lafayette

GREGOR - VIDEO - Company Information, finance statistics. Date of updating data: ... Basic information. Date of updating data: ... - PIN :33. - Registered seat: GREGOR - VIDEO, trova , , Bratislava. - Date create:  January 3. - Objects of the company:. - promotional and advertising from ... - marketing from ... - brokerage activity from ... - business activity, the purchase and sale of goods, in addition to commodities, which require the specific permission from ... - manufacture and sale of nenahranch carriers of sound or sound - visual recordings and the sale and lending of recorded sound and sound - visual records from ... - the issuance of periodic and non-periodicals publications from ..3. - the provision of software - sale of ready-made programmes on the basis of a contract with the authors or the making of programmes to the order from ..3. - History of changes in the company and the presentation of trade registers:

Free web sms. ...what it brings 3 Exact diet plan  Celebrity before and after results plus. I am looking for a person who has a registered number in China  and can forward me an SMS. i want make a android app for forward my All mobile sms to A web url. ...and the team. Moreover, it would be a plus if you're from Hispanic Countries Argentina, Uruguay, Costa Rica, Peru, Spain, etc. or from countries such as Indonesia or Philippines. Why? Because then you'll also be able to find, write and send deals to your own countries! Thank you very much for everyone and the time you'll take to apply, I really. I am looking for freelance PHP developers based at pune for continues association for out sourcing my jobs.. Hi I should see if a product is there in your you country Philippines or Hong Kong , need for a local search and buying advisor from these  country

FOOD & BEVERAGE. The food and beverage industry requires flexibility in equipment to provide a wide operating range for various products during production.. Davron provides equipment versatility coupled with efficient operation and precise control for consistent process results. Our equipment can include various belts or baking bands as required to match your product requirements. Baking ovens can be designed for large production applications or smaller prototype installations and can include scalability to allow additional oven length to be easily added in the future if production requirements change. Cooling systems can also be provided if required for your product production.. Our equipment is uniquely designed to meet the specific process requirements of your industry to provide a solution for your manufacturing challenges. Contact Davron to discuss your application and review a sample of Food & Beverage Projects completed in the past.. Examples of Food & Beverage

All of the resources included in our person-centred care resource centre have been reviewed by the Health Foundation. We believe them to be of the highest possible standard but we do not take responsibility for the accuracy of information from third parties.

Developed through work with young people and organisations working with young people, their families and carers, My life, my support, my choice is one of four new branches of the Narrative for person centred coordinated care launched in 3, and which has been adopted by many health and care organisations including NHS England as well as individual care providers.

Author:

Listed under:

In this article Lisa Burscheidt, Assistant Librarian at North East London NHS Foundation Trust describes how, despite mental health problems being common in young people aged -, access to services is a problem as young people rarely feel comfortable approaching their GP about mental health problems.

Author:

Listed under:

In this brief article, Sara Riggare describes how her limited contact with health services two appointments with her consultant a year highlights the importance of being able to manage her own health and describes some of the skills and techniques she uses to manage her Parkinson's.

Author:

Listed under:

This case study describes how Leicester City CCG launched a new care pathway to better support people with a long term condition to manage their health at home, supported by new community-based services.

Author:

Listed under:

This paper reports findings of a study to determine whether shared decision making was associated with patient ratings of care quality and physician communication and whether patients preferred decision roles modified those associations.

Author:

Listed under:

This guide is written for decision makers within councils and their partners e.g. voluntary and community sector organisations involved in care and support planning to help them better understand the requirements of the Care Act inrelation to Care and Support Planning for adults and carers. Although it is primarily intended for local authorities, it provides up-to-date knowledge on the process and an important insight into the overlap and integration needed between health and social care.

Author:

Listed under:

This briefing is intended to answer a number of common questions raised with NHS England's personal health budget team following the publication of Forward View into action: Planning for . It includes what is meant by 'major expansion', which groups are included and what CCGs should consider as they develop their local plans.

Author:

Listed under:

During 3 and , a research group at York, Manchester, Glasgow and Glasgow Caledonian Universities conducted a systematic review of the qualitative research relating to mens experiences of self-management support. in order to identify the key elements that make self-management support appealing and accessible to men with LTCs.

Author:

Listed under:

This overview examines how the NHS in England has performed during the last parliament in relation to indicators that reflect person-centred care. It considers progress made against a range of measures including: dignity, respect and compassion; patient involvement in decisions; support for self-management and care planning.

Author:

Listed under:

In this blog Dr David Paynton, who is a practising GP from Sounthampton and National Clinical Lead for the RCGP Centre for Commissioning, describes his own practice's experience of implementing care and support planning using the house of care model. He describes some of the challenges, and the need for not only local but whole system change.

Ceramide stimulates prostaglandin production by human amnion and decidual cells.
To determine whether ceramide regulates prostaglandin PG production by cultured human amnion cells and decidual cells independently of interleukin- beta IL- beta. Cells were grown in monolayer culture and then incubated with varying concentrations of ceramide, IL- beta, ceramide in the presence and absence of IL-, and control media. Production of PGE was determined using a specific radioimmunoassay. Ceramide induced a significant concentration-dependent increase in PGE production by amnion cells and decidual cells. However, PGE production induced by IL- beta was significantly more than with ceramide alone, and there was no potentiation of PGE production with coincubation of ceramide and IL- beta. We suggest that term human amnion cells and decidual cells are responsive to ceramide independent of IL- beta and that generation of these substances in response to an infection in the uterus may lead to increased PG production by human gestational tissues, indicating that there are several mechanisms leading to PG production by these cells.

WorldwideTV operatorsi.e., satellite, cableTV operators to provide advanced services and content to all kinds of IP-connectable devices, including mobile products like smartphones and media tablets.TV is, at present, the largest market for connectable payTV STBs, accounting for an estimated  percent share of global shipments in 3. The region is expected to retain its global lead through .. In mature payTV.

Anti-tetanus vaccination after 3 cases of tetanus in a basic rural health area.
a To find the prevalence of anti-tetanus vaccination in a health district, and b to detect difficulties in the implementation of corrective measures, after the appearance of three cases of tetanus in  months. An observational descriptive crossover study. Primary care. Rural health district with  inhabitants. People of both sexes over  from the 3 population nuclei, which had the best records of attendance and vaccination in the health district. Vaccination coverage at the start and end of the intervention for 3 people chosen by systematic randomised sampling. clinical records. At the start of the intervention there was less vaccination coverage among males, over-s and people living in small nuclei of population. During the study period vaccination coverage increased more in the nuclei where there had been a tetanus case. Vaccines were lacking at the start of the intervention. A low use of clinical records in the health district was detected, which posed difficulties for the research. Except for one of the population nuclei, very few people at the start of the study were recorded as correctly vaccinated. It is seen that the health service responded slowly to such serious cases as these. It is suggested that primary health care activities should be programmed more in accord with the health problems prevailing in each area. With an illness like tetanus we should not wait for a case to occur before acting.

Mycobacterium kansasii infection after liver transplantation.
Infections are one of the leading causes of morbidity and mortality in solid organ transplant recipients because of treatment with immunosuppressive agents. Infections due to nontuberculous mycobacteria NTM are infrequent but may be a major cause of morbidity. Treatment is associated with therapeutic limitations due to drug interactions with immunosuppressive agents and enhanced toxicity. Treatment of NTM infection most commonly involves surgery, reducing the doses of immunosuppressive medications andor therapy with antimycobacterial medications The American Thoracic Society recommends isoniazid, rifampicin, and ethambutol. The current duration for treatment of pulmonary disease caused by Mycobacterium kansasii is  months. We describe the case of an immunosuppressed liver transplant recipient with poor outcome due to acute cholangitis who also developed concomitant infection with an uncommon organism, M. kansasii, in the late posttransplantation period.

The survival of foot-and-mouth disease virus in raw and pasteurized milk and milk products.
The Foot-and-Mouth Disease virus FMDV is not a public health threat, but it is highly contagious to cloven-footed animals. The virus is shed into milk up to 33 h before there are apparent signs of the disease in dairy cows, and, in extreme cases, signs of disease may not appear for up to  d. During this time, raw milk can serve as a vector for spread of the disease both at the farm and during transport to the processing plant by milk tanker. Raw milk and milk products fed to animals have the potential to cause infection, but the potential for pasteurized milk products to cause infection is largely unknown. Current minimum pasteurization standards may not be adequate to eliminate FMDV in milk completely. The purpose of this paper is to assess the literature on the thermal resistance of FMDV in milk and milk products, to identify the risks associated with ingestion of pasteurized products by animals, and to lay a strategy to prevent the spread of FMDV from contaminated milk.

In the age of cloud computing technologies and DevOps culture, it's a win for a business to combine the benefits of both. Curious how cloud computing can benefit the development process? And how do we address concerns with backup, security, and maintenance?. In this white paper, you will learn how a cloud solution can:. Do you have more questions?. Call ---3 to speak with one of our certified account specialists today.

Food Delivery App Development: Why is Route Optimization Important. views. Benefits of Route Optimization for Your Food Delivery App. As said earlier, with online food delivery services, quick and efficient food delivery is one of the major challenges. Therefore, when you build a food delivery app, its important to pay attention to route optimization.. Here are some benefits of integrating route optimization features into your food delivery app solution.. Increase the Number of Daily Orders. Route optimization saves a lot of travel time. This means you can deliver more orders within the same duration. Thus, it not only saves resources but also helps in increasing revenues by enhancing order completion capability.. You can find the most suitable route to send food deliveries to customers. When there are better alternatives to crowded roads, the delivery person can reach their destination on or before time. Certainly this is something your customers will appreciate..

Hyundai says it will set a new standard for the lower end of the electric-vehicle market with its line of Ioniq EVs. The automaker says it will also launch an all-electric EV with a -mile range by  and within two years of that will sell an EV with a range of  miles. The  Hyundai Sonata PHEV plug-in hybrid is the brands first model to run on battery power alone, but the company promises much more to come. Hyundai has already said its Ioniq hybrid model would top the current industry leader, the Toyota Prius, in terms of efficiency. The Ioniq will be offered in three versions: a gas-electric hybrid; battery electric; and a plug-in hybrid.. Hyundai says that the new Ioniq pictured is just the beginning of electrification for the company. Next up is an entry-level battery electric with a -mile range, not unlike the current Chevrolet Bolt. PHOTO: HYUNDAI

Notes. -- MR Gouldstone made his debut in first-class matches. -- A Fordham made his debut in first-class matches. -- RG Williams  passed  runs in first-class matches when he reached . -- RJ Bailey  passed  runs in first-class matches when he reached . -- JG Bracewell  passed  runs in first-class matches when he reached . -- W Watson reached  wickets in first-class matches when taking his st wicket in the Northamptonshire first innings. -- EJ Gray retired hurt in the New Zealanders first innings having scored  team score 3

Horrible mistakes committed on a daily basis that will weaken your spinal cord. Spinal cord injury is one of the most serious injuries one can have. The damages can be permanent if not treated on time.. As per WHO, globally, every year, between  and  persons per million population suffer a spinal injury, which means yearly approx. .-lac new cases.. It is best to prevent yourself from getting hurt. So, what can you do to reduce the risk of getting a spinal cord injury. General Prevention - Home. Road Prevention  Most on-road accidents lead to spinal cord injury.. Swimming Pool - Prevention. Safety at the Playground. It is always better to be more cautious and prevent these injuries.. Consult an orthopedic specialist at Felix Hospital for problems related to bones, joints, tendons, ligaments, and muscles. To book an appointment, visit, or you can call 3.

Just in time for the new school year, getting started with Istations research-based intervention and instruction is easy, effective, and affordable.. Powerful Remote Learning. Named ., and vocabulary, as well as many other skills.. Innovative Oral Reading Fluency Assessment. Istations digital Oral Reading Fluency assessment combines over three decades of educational research with more than a decade of technical development and data through a partnership with Boulder Learning, Inc. This pioneering effort in the use of speech recognition technology in education includes digital recording programming to help schools measure oral reading fluency, accuracy, and more.. Mixing teaching and technology, Istations comprehensive blended-learning approach helps schools differentiate instruction and support intervention for powerful growth.. Math skills are presented and assessed in fun, game-like experiences that include grocery shopping and singing with rock stars.

Darshika Radhakrishnan is an expert clinical homecare therapist who believes in delivering the highest quality of skills to our patients. She understand the need of the patient and provides detailed assessment and care plan for every client. Her skills in the field of rehabilitation through home physio provides to the patient the best solutions to their needs.. We are all ears & we have our team. of physios at your service anytime of the day.. You can leave a message with us and well get back to you in the next  hours. Leave us an email on. infoprophysio.co

Description. What does the adoption of the Global Investment Performance Standards GIPS mean in a practical sense? How do the global standards fit in with existing standards? What operational questions do you have to confront? How should you go about obtaining compliance verification? This author gives us a good idea of the impact of GIPS has had so far on the United Kingdoms fund management market, the reactions of U.K. fund managers and investment management software suppliers.. The Impact of GIPS in the U.K.. Simon Strong, TCA Consulting

Whether you've got a coupe, sedan, or wagon, our Mercedes-Benz interior kits are designed as close to the original as possible. We do this by having our craftsmen with years of experience complete all the work with our legendary sewing patterns, techniques, and original standard materials. We offer a wide range of original colors and materials including imported European leather and MB-Tex vinyl for our Mercedes seat cover kits, Velour and Multi-Loop for the carpet sets, and original German materials for our headliner assemblies. The construction of these quality kits takes place in a highly advanced and modern factory in the United.

News. Oregon Housing to Restore Preservation Set-Aside. After a series of NOFA stakeholder input work sessions Oregon Housing and Community Services is proposing a 3 set-aside for preservation projects in their  and  LIHTC NOFAs. They are also considering adopting a broader definition of preservation project beginning next year which could include Year- tax credit projects and other affordable projects that do not have Project-Based Rental Assistance contracts. The Oregon Housing Preservation Project is working with OHCS to define the expanded universe of projects that will be eligible to access the preservation set-aside. See the OHCS Multifamily Technical Advisory here..  Posted on 3

Pressure Insensitive Mass Flow Module  SEC-Z Series . 3 August . Considering the gas-supply lines of semiconductor manufacturing equipment, demand has increased for the use of the system configuration from which line regulators, pressure sensors and filters are eliminated for the purposes of cost reduction and integration. We at HORIBA STEC have developed the SEC-Z series as a flow-rate control device that can support such system configurations. The following features are described in this article: higher precision in the actual flow rate; high-speed response performance for all specified flow rates; improved control of pressure fluctuation; a monitoring function that prevents any unexpected shutdown of the gas control system; and configuration software that allows the user to easily modify the specifications.. Download PDF . MB

The Pearl Carrying case is an EVA foam case designed to provide protection for your scale during travel. The clamshell case is custom fit for a Pearl and secures with a zipper.. Please note that while the case provides protection from other objects, sudden accelerations or shocks may still damage your precision scale. Handle any luggage or bag containing sensitive scales with care.. The inner case is specially designed to support the Pearl and protect the load cell against external force.. Scale calibration changes with variations in local gravity, surface tilt, and atmospheric conditions. Travel means all three must be considered. We recommend allowing the scale to rest, out of the case and in the location it will be used, before calibrating and using your Pearl after travel.. Don't miss out on our latest Coffee, News, Events and more 

Q:

Are expectation of with replacement and without replacement same? When?

I have $k$ red balls and $k$ green balls in a box. These balls are select by a uniform distribution. Randomly select $n$ balls from the box. Let $X$ be random variable that counts number of red ball after $n$ trails. What is expected number of red ball after $n$ trails if

These balls are uniform randomly select with replacement
These balls are uniform randomly select without replacement

Are these expectation similar? When?
This is what I did:
For with replacement case, I followed the answer at What is the probability that selects $i$ red ball and $n-i$ green ball, with replacement? and got the result as
$$EXn frackkk$$
In case of without replacement, I follow the Hypergeometric distribution 
$$EXsumik  fracbinomkibinomkn-ibinomkkn i$$
Thanks all 
This is MATLAB simulation for two cases. I saw that these expectation are same. Why?.
k;k;n3;
 With replacement
sumEnkkk;
 Without replacement
sumE;
for i:k
    if n-ikn-i
        continue;
    else
        sumEsumEinchoosekk,inchoosekk,n-i.nchoosekkk,n;
    end
end
sumE
sumE

A:

Actually, no, it is not a uniform distribution. I hope you found out that in case , $X$ follows a binomial distribution with $n$ trials, and $p  kkk$. You should be familiar with the fact that
$$EX  np.$$
Further, you seem to be familiar with the fact that in case , $X$ follows a hypergeometric distribution with $n$ trials, $N  kk$ total balls, and $G  k$ red balls. You should be familiar with the fact that
$$EX  ncdot fracGN.$$
Notice that $ncdot GN  ncdot kkk  np$. The most you can draw in case  are $kk$ balls, so the two will be the same when $leq nleq kk$. Also, I assume that These balls are select by a uniform distribution. means that you draw the balls fairlyimpartially from the box, not that there is some underlying uniform distribution that is not revealed.



Companys New Appointments Bring Extensive Industry Experience to Support Companys Significant Growth. Cupertino, Calif.  March , 3  ScaleMPTM, the leader in virtualization solutions for high-end computing, announced today the expansion of its leadership team. Pat Carey joins ScaleMP as Vice President of World Wide Major Accounts Sales; Erez Velan is the new Director of Technical Services and Support; and Nir Paikowsky is named Vice President of North American Channel Development and Technical Sales. Altogether, these new executives will draw upon their collective experience to support ScaleMPs significant growth into new and expanding markets. .

Or Kachlon could be the latest Israeli to attend the renowned Juilliard School of dance, drama and music in New York. The winner of last month's Born to Dance reality television series can now be found overseas auditioning for a spot in the school's Dance Division. The auditions in New York began on March 3 and ended yesterday. Among the Dance Division's alumni are the celebrated choreographers and dance company directors Lar Lubovitch, Paul Taylor, Bruce Marks, Susan Marshall, and Martha Clarke. While Kachlon found fame through his participation in the Channel  TV show, he made it known that his choosing to be a dancer was not easy socially. In Hadera, kids in his class called him the gay nerd. The handsome -year-old was a favorite from day one of the contest. Although other reality TV winners, especially those from Born to Sing, have gone on to be local celebrities, Kachlon made it clear that he just wants to dance. In the coming days, we should know if Kachlon is headed to the top of the dance world.

Precious metals investment terms A to Z

CBOT Chicago Board of Trade

Chicago Board of Trade, established in , is a commodity exchange and a designated contract market that offers traditional commodity and other financial instruments to traders, subject to the exchange rules and regulations.

In , CBOT transformed from a non-profit organization to a for-profit organization with an IPO on the NYSE, listed as CBOT Holdings Inc. Ticker: BOT. In , the exchange merged with Chicago Mercantile Exchange CME to form the CME Group. Now CBOT, along with CME, NYMEX and COMEX, operates as a designated contract market DCM of the CME Group.

Although the exchange dealt with only agricultural commodities in the initial days of establishment, now it offers options and futures contract on precious metals, energy and even U.S. Treasury bonds. The exchange was an open auction market for decades; however, it has added electronic futures trading facility in recent years. Enormous market volume in commodity related contracts ranks CBOT as one of the top exchanges in commodity space.

In the Salento countryside, shaped for centuries by olive trees, members of the Farmers Cooperative Agricola Nuova Generazione extract only the best parts from the olives using increasingly modern tools and methods that nonetheless respect past traditions. The experience of those who manage the various processing phases guarantees the quality of the products, which reach the market directly by means of leading transport companies without passing through intermediaries, which sometimes alters the products characteristics. In , the Cooperative opened a factory for processing table olives, thus increasing the range of their product offerings. The farmers cooperative, established in Martano in  by a group of  young farmers, currently comprises  members to whom it tries to offer maximum profitability from the work and maximum productivity from the land with permanent employment in agriculture. In February  the Cooperative carried out a merger and incorporated two other cooperatives, the Cooperativo di Corigliano DOtranto oil mill and the Cantina Campi Latini di Secl, thus expanding their product offerings with wines and becoming a food farming reference point for the Salento area. If you visit the farm from October to January, you can participate in the olive harvesting and pressing and you can take home the oil you make.

Yearly average production of the oil described in this guide quintals


Gangtok: Dr. Pawan Chamling who along with his family participated in the Puja organised on occassion of Nag Panchmi in Mahadev Mandir of Namchi before embarking on trip to New Delhi has said that State Government has taken positive initiative to solve the problem of Dzongu and He has appealed once again to ACT for responding to the call of the Government in right manner and has urged the Aggrieved Citizens of Teesta ACT to withhold the hunger strike forthwith in the interest of the people and create an atmosphere for dialogue to solve the issue by calling off their hunger strike .

Ive been extremely curious about Sweetpea & Fays JAdore Les Levres liquid lipsticks for a while nowwell over a year, actuallybut I didnt decided to order from them until this past Black Friday. I was initially intrigued by their sizeable line of colors, including unusual ones like blue and yellow. They usually sell for $., but with the Black Friday sale I paid $. for each. I ordered three colors:

Nordic, described on the site as an opaque greyish blue matte shade

Ukulele, described on the site as a pastel pinkpurple shade with a completely opaque look

and Nantes, described on the site as a stunning dark rose color with maroon undertones

My natural lips:

Nordic:

Ukulele:

Nantes:

Arm swatches Nantes, Ukulele, Nordic from top to bottom:

All photos were taken in natural light with no editing.

After swatching all of the colors on my lips, I feel like all of the descriptions are pretty accurate. I do think that the site describing some of the shades as opaque is somewhat redundant, as all of the colors appear to be designed as opaque shades, but I can understand why they would want to restate it in lighter colors where natural lip color might show through. The lipsticks are very opaque and thick; while they are described as liquid, they wear more like a cream lipstick. The texture is very soft and doesnt feel drying at all. Their staying power seems to be about the same as other lipsticks of similar textures: theyll last a few hours if youre not eating, but wont hold up too well against greasier foods I tested this with Trader Joes Mac n Cheese, which is delicious but not very lipstick-friendly. They are described as having a soft french vanilla flavor, which I find to be true, although they do still have a slight cosmetic scent underneaththey smell pleasant, but you can tell its a lipstick.

You really need to use a lip brush to apply these; if you try to apply straight from the tube, it would be very messy. Luckily, a lip brush is included in every order. You simply squeeze some product onto the brush, then begin in the center of the lower lip and spread outwards. I find these easy to work, particularly when compared to other liquid lipsticks, due to the more solid nature of the product. However, they do take more time than a traditional lipstick; each swatch took me about five minutes to get right.

Final verdict:  stars. I like the thick texture and opacity of the lipsticks, although I know that it isnt going to be everyones cup of tea. I think that there are enough color options that everyone could find something that they would like, too. However, they can be untidy to apply as seen in my lip swatch of Nantes and I noticed that Nantes did stain my arm after the swatch, which should probably be expected of the darker colors in their line. I would also like to note that the images on the site arent always representative of the actual colors, even though the descriptions are accurate. While my Nordic and Ukulele are pretty close to those shown on the site, my Nantes is noticeably darker than the site swatch. I would recommend looking around for swatches of specific colors on blogs if youre considering buying.

Overall, I would repurchase these lipsticks.

HomePlate supports the positive development of young people experiencing homelessness or housing instability through community building, education, access to services and resources, and youth empowerment.. HomePlate provides a free weekly dinner to youth ages - who are experiencing homelessness or unstable housing situations. In addition to the dinner, HomePlate provides a shower, movies and games, adult mentors, hygiene supplies, and referrals to community resources.

Learn wine from the experts and get more out of each sip.. Whether youre new to wine or a long-time collector, your course is waiting.. This course provides a comprehensive overview and is divided into seven sections; Production & Structure, Red Wine, White Wine, Sparkling Wine, Rose, Late Harvest & Fortified Wine, & Service.. With more than 3 learning objectives, and  instructional videos, supported with a massive question bank, this course provides you a comprehensive foundation whether you are looking to pursue a career in wine, or want to be able to have a knowledgeable. conversation about wine.. Take the Course

 Empire Rosette Open Nightstand. Nightstands feature a bow front and antique nickel hardware. Crafted of solid hardwood, each piece is carefully distressed using a hand-applied multi-step process to achieve the look of a weathered antique.. Show product details.... Dimensions. - W x D x 3H. Finish Options.  Empire Rosette Open Nightstand - W x D x 3H. Price

Briefly, a cinemagraph may be described as a still photograph in which some repeated movement action occurs within a portion of a scene within the photograph. Cinemagraphs may be considered as something between a photograph and a video that seeks to capture a moment of action within an otherwise still photograph. In some aspects, a cinemagraph appears to the observer somewhat similar to an animated Graphics Interchange Format GIF image, a motion Joint Photographic Experts Group JPEG image, or other video format. In these example motion images, a motion of some aspect of the image is perceived as a repeating or continued motion between images in the sequence of images.
While cinemagraphs provide for interesting animations, present approaches often require that the process of compositing the cinemagraph from a video sequence be performed manually using sometimes complex image editing software, often involving significant user interactions; andor the use of tools which can only run on a personal computer or server, thus requiring the offloading of the captured video from the camera or mobile device to said computera burdensome and time consuming requirement. Many people may be reluctant to attempt to create cinemagraphs. Thus, there is a desire to provide improved mechanisms for creating of cinemagraphs, in a way which is both automatic and quick, providing the user with the result immediately on the camera without further intervention. Therefore, it is with respect to these considerations and others that the subject innovations have been made.

Dear readers,. I would like to create  Pdf's and  Mp3's for  different band instruments Flute, Clarinet, Oboe, etc. of Row Row Row Your Boat from one official version of sheet music. My question has to do with if anyone has had any luck automating a process like this? Which program will help me automatically create  Pdf's and Mp3's based off of one official version of the song in sheet music form. How can I automate this process so that I eventually don't have to click change instrument Save as 'Row Row Row Your Boat - Clarinet' Print and save as pdf Export Audio etc. Which program will help me automate these time consuming tasks?. Thanks again,. Kevin. Finale Version  on Mac

3          3          3     OFF All Doors : am  OFF All Doors  Lancaster ReStore Feb   : am  Mar   : pm Tickets Shop with your Lancaster ReStore this week and save  OFF All Doors!  OFF All Doors : am  OFF All Doors  Pickerington ReStore Feb   : am  Mar   : pm Tickets Shop with your Pickerington ReStore this week and save  OFF All Doors!    Jan February  Mar  Subscribe to filtered calendar Add to Timely Calendar Add to Google Add to Outlook Add to Apple Calendar Add to other calendar Export to XML

Working as a graphic designer for  years in a variety of industries, I finally understand what it means when people say, you wont work a day in your life when you have a job you love. Its been 3 days working here at Stream Companies, and since my first day, its been everything I expected, and much more... Facebook Storefronts now have the same sales conversion rates as e-commerce websites.. Research on tablet advertising has found that users prefer ads that take advantage of features such as video, interactivity, 3-degree views and other eye catching features. Flashy ads may thrive on tablets however it is not necessarily the same story for smartphones.. Google search integrates elements from Twitter, Flickr, and Quora

Description. Result: Provides adequate zinc to impact over , enzyme reactions including those associated with immune defense and repair.. Benefit: Supports growth, development, sexual function, immune function, and chemical detoxification.. Fact: Formulated with two powerful activated forms of zinc, citrate and picolinate, for optimum absorption and superior therapeutic function.. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.. Reviews. There are no reviews yet.

Orthopaedic Department. About: Lincoln County Hospital Lincoln County Hospital Lincoln LN QY. Posted by Andy. Anything else?. I was admitted to NeaustadWelton ward via A&E and the Staff couldn't more helpful. Nothing was to much trouble. The doctors explained clearly what was going to happen. The following morning the consultant once again what was going to happen. I was kept informed about the delay  due to an emergency this wasn't to long. The following day when I was discharged there was a bit of delay but once the nurse had chased it up and I was on my way. The after care has been very good and on one occasion when with no appointment they fitted me in straight away. The Staff are friendly happy people who go around with a smile on there face, A big thank you from myself. Responses. Response from Jennie Negus, Deputy Director of Patient Services, United Lincolnshire Hospitals NHS Trust 3 years ago. See more responses from Jennie Negus

Benefits of Cooperation

Recruiting

TIMES provides an unique platform for recruiting. Having won the Local Qualification or one of  Semi Finals serves as an assessment center for over  IEM students each year, assuring promising candidates for your company.
As a central co-operation partner you get access to the Curriculum Vitae of Semi Final - and Final contestants, as well as direct Email contacts for job offerings. By supporting a Semi Final or Final as a head sponsor you can personally get in contact with the contestants as part of the jury.

Consultancy

Do you need need fresh and innovative ideas regarding a particular business- or engineering problem?

Support one of the Semi Finals or the Final and let  to  top teams and brightest minds of Europe work on your case study!

Visibility

The flagship project of an international organisation as ESTIEM gives you the opportunity to increase your visibility within  local groups in  countries, reaching out to . students of IEM.

Visibility options include newsletter articles, articles in the ESTIEM magazine, distribution of your PR material and give aways, website visibility and your logo on all printing materials such as the TIMES posters, which are distributed to all local groups.

We can help you find the options, which fit best to your company's needs.

Contact the Project Leader for any questions or comments regarding our co-operation opportunities and packages.

As the Chief Financial Officer and Vice President at Weatherford, Andrew Becnel earned a total compensation of $,,3 in , which decreased by . compared to .. Of this total, $, was earned as salary, $,, was awarded as stock, and $,, came from all other compensation.. Andrew Becnel worked with Keith Morley, Stuart Ferguson, William Jacobson, James Hudgins, Carel J. Hoyer, and Bernard Duroc-Danner at Weatherford in .

Brochures, Flyers and Posters. The staple of print marketing - well designed eye catching posters, flyers and brochures remain a fundamental part of lead generation and marketing. Underpinned by a robust brand and supported by digital mediums such as landing pages and social media, these basic documents can form an integral part of a strong marketing strategy.

This notebook was used by Edison in January-February  for notes on experiments to improve the composition of disc record blanks and the varnish surfaces applied during the transfer process. Included are notes describing experiments numbered from 3E to E in which the ingredients for record blanks and record varnishes are varied. Also included is a small group of experiments on varnish compounds, along with several lists called testers' designations of flaws observed in record blanks. Additional entries summarize the results of the numbered experiments, as well as relevant information from earlier notebooks. The front cover is labeled  . The pages are unnumbered. Approximately  pages have been used. Courtesy of Thomas Edison National Historical Park.

A new government-funded study of Colorados experience with marijuana legalization has revealed some startling truths. In the three years since marijuana became commercially available, traffic fatalities in Colorado linked to consumption of the drug have increased substantially. In addition, the number of adolescents and college-age adults who have used marijuana products in the previous month has risen by a significant percentage.

. Citrus Salmon with Caramelized Onions and Carrots. Citrus salmon is a perfect dish if youre planning to entertain during the summer. Its tasty and simple, so you wont have to spend all day preparing for your guests. Line the slow cooker with butter and olive oil, add onions and carrots, and leave to cook for six hours or until the vegetables caramelize. Arrange the salmon on top the vegetables and add slices of lemon and oranges. Cover and cook for  to  hours until the fish flakes. Serve with mashed potatoes or rice pilaf.. More:  Quick and Easy Summer Brunch Recipes

November 3, . :3PM. Assembly Hall. Join Paquito DRivera for a free guided listening session. Paquito will be participating in a facilitated conversation with Ben Waltzer, sharing examples of music that shaped his career and answering questions from the audience.This hour-long session occurs the day before the universally-loved clarinetist and saxophonist plays his intriguing blend of jazz, classical and Afro-Latin influences that garnered his th GRAMMY award and  Best Latin Jazz album at Logan Center.. Free and open to the public.. Presented by the Global Voices Performing Arts Series and UChicago Arts.

I have sold a property at  33 STATION HILL DR in Burnaby.. Located in Edmonds Town Centre, come indulge in unobstructed view of Byrne Creek Ravine Park from your room in the luxurious NE facing  bed  bath corner suite on Villa Jardin. Modern open concept features spacious living room & bedrooms adorned wwall to wall windows take advantage of spectacular views. Furnished with granite counters and SS appliances. Amenities include games room, quiet library, club house, exercise room, hot tub and stream room. Easy access to public transportation. Schools in proximity include Taylor Park Elementary and Byrne Creek Secondary. Surrounding environment is quiet and away from busy streets. This is where you call home. Grand Open June 3, -pm.

Technology in the Classroom. Posted: Tue Jun ,  : pm. As a future ESL teacher, I have come to realize that there is a huge shift in education to incorporate more technology into lessons and in the classroom. In my undergraduate education classes, I am required to include technology components into my lesson plans. I think it is important to find the right balance with how much technology you use in your lessons. I'm not sure how much technology would be considered too much, but you also want to make sure you use it enough to keep students engaged and are keeping up with the technology shift. What are some pros and cons with a constant use of technology? Also, what are some creative ways to use technology besides the standard PowerPoint presentation. I am new to the ESL field and dont know how to be creative with technology. I also am concerned about cultural differences and students not knowing how to use certain technologies.

The later addition of a second sighting vane of another length, with a second scale calculated for it, provided a means to determine if the stave was in fact correctly placed relative to the eye by setting both vanes to the same angle marks on their respective scales and comparing them. But this could not actually be done during a sighting. A second problem was that the scale was not linear; the divisions are wide apart at low angles when the vane is well forward on the staff, but compacted when the vane is closer to the eye when high angles are being measured. These defects were inherent in the design of the instrument, and no later attempts at improvement could completely address them.

Kirjeldus. X3MAZero is the  lightweight alloy wheel designed with low offset, ideal for circuit racing.. Experience and technology by EVO Corse have raised the level of the rims making them more performing than magnesium wheels. The further reduced weight improves accelerating abilities while maintaining the stiffness and the strength of the product.. X3MAZero is available for BMW, Volkswagen, Ford, and many other applications on demand, also for historic cars

TOKYO  A former US nuclear regulator says cleaning up Japans wrecked Fukushima plant is a bigger challenge than the work he led at Three Mile Island and that ongoing radioactive water leaks are a minor part of that task.

Lake Barrett was appointed this month by plant operator Tokyo Electric Power Co. as an outside adviser for the decades-long decommissioning process. He led the Three Mile Island accident cleanup for nearly a decade as part of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.

He said that the meltdowns in three of the reactors, massive radiation leaks, and the volume of contaminated water at the Fukushima Daiichi plant, on Japans northeast coast, make it a more complicated cleanup.

Advertisement

In comparison to Three Mile Island, Fukushima is much more challenging, much more complex a job, Barrett told a Tokyo news conference.

Compared to the magnitude of that task, the leakage problem is a very low health impact and not a concern, he told The Associated Press in an exclusive interview later Friday. The attention on the contaminated water leaks is out of proportion, and is hurting the overall cleanup process by slowing things down, he said.

The  core melt accident at the Three Mile Island nuclear plant in Pennsylvania involved one reactor. All the radioactivity was contained in one building, where , tons of contaminated water were trapped.

In Fukushima, the catastrophe was precipitated by a massive earthquake and tsunami, whose aftermath are further adding to the difficulties of containing and cleaning up after the meltdowns of the three reactors. Moreover, buildings at the Japanese plant were destroyed or damaged by hydrogen explosions, which released massive radioactive elements into the air and sea.

But despite worries over the massive quantities of water needed to cool the reactors, the risk of radiation-contaminated water to public health is minimal, Barrett said.

Ringwood, Queensland

Ringwood is a locality in the Lockyer Valley Region, Queensland, Australia.

Geography 
Ringwood is located on the Warrego Highway which forms its southern boundary. The southern half of the locality is about 3 metres above sea level and is predominantly used for crops and grazing. The northern half is more rugged rising to an unnamed peak at 3 metres at the locality's north-western edge; this land is undeveloped bushland. The locality is almost entirely freehold land.

References

Category:Lockyer Valley Region
Category:Localities in Queensland

I hadn't met this sweet North Van family before their session so I decided the best approach was to make the session as playful as possible and I've got the grass stains to prove it was!!What a beautiful family and Liam is going to be such a sweet big brother. gallery Block These are example images. Double-click here to replace these images with your own content. Learn more.

AmazeRealise Featured. Greater Manchester. We do what very few digital agencies do. WE CREATE HUMAN ADVANTAGE Our work is focused on creating advantages for your customers, your staff and your business. In real-world terms it means starting with what people or customers need, and then using the limitless possibilities of technology to...

Join  Member Login. Presented by Derek Deprey. Wednesday, December , :3 p.m.  : p.m.. Milwaukee Yacht Club N Lincoln Memorial Dr  Milwaukee, Wisconsin 3. Presenting Sponsorship $.  One Available. Every. In this presentation, Derek will teach you a -gear process that you can apply in your personal and professional lives. Each gear will uniquely move you from frustrated to fulfilled. Through powerful questions and compelling exercises, youll discover how to make today the day you are inspired to change. Its your next move!. Dereks passion in life is to evoke excellence in every person at every level. After a career of working in basketball operations at the collegiate and professional levels, he empowers others both as the director of people & service and Rise Above Robo-Bosses: How to Thrive as a Leader in the Digital Era. Derek lives in Milwaukee, WI, with his wife and two daughters. Back. Metro Milwaukee SHRMP.O. Box 33Germantown, WI 3-33PH: ..E: officemmshrm.org

WASHINGTON  Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, could lose his seat to Democratic Rep. Beto O'Rourke because he is not likable enough, Office of Management and Budget Director suggested at a meeting of Republican National Committee donors in New York Saturday.

Do people like you? That's a really important question, Mulvaney said, according to a person who was in the room. What we have is a very real possibility we will win a race for Senate in Florida and lose a race in Texas for Senate. Ok. I don't think it's likely, but it's a possibility. How likable is the candidate? That still counts.

Some of his remarks were first reported by the New York Times on Saturday. Cruz's office did not immediately respond to NBC's request for comment.

What we have is a very real possibility we will win a race for Senate in Florida and lose a race in Texas for Senate, Mulvaney told donors. I dont think its likely, but its a possibility. How likable is the candidate? That still counts. Jacquelyn Martin  AP

Mulvaney, who did not use Cruz's name, was making a larger point that he believes the battle for control of Congress will be decided on a state-by-state and district-by-district level rather than the force of a political wave benefiting Democrats.

Is this going to be the same thing for the Democrats as it was for the Republicans in , when a Tea Party wave helped him win a House seat and gave Republicans control of the chamber. I say this at the risk of giving the wrong answer to the question: the answer is no. Its not.

Mulvaney said Democrats aren't bringing new voters into the process.

Its hard to bring new people in to a movement of hate, he said. Anger doesnt really attract people.

The other reason he doesn't see a wave, he said, is we had a signature piece of legislation to run against. We had Obamacare. What is the signature piece of legislation that theyre against? The tax bill?

Mulvaney said Republicans will win some races in which Democrats are favored and vice versa.

What is going to be the distinguishing factor between those two outcomes? he asked rhetorically. Our candidates.

He pointed specifically to Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore, who lost a special election last year amid allegations of decades-old sexual misconduct.

The president asks me all the time, why did Roy Moore lose? he said. Thats easy. He was a terrible candidate.

3. $.. Whether you're gambling at the high stakes table or trying to stay cool on a midsummer's day, the Dallas gambler is hat of choice. Made of durable and extremely lightweight toyo straw. Finished with a breathable moisture wicking sweatband and a leather hatband.. Absolutely love it. A very good fit except a little tight lengthwise. A couple of days in a stretcher fixed that very nicely. I wear it with pleasure and pride, and here in DC it gets plenty of compliments.. I have not had a chance to wear the hat but I can tell you that it is ever thing that I expected it to be. Well forth the money. I LOVE THIS HAT!!!. Fantastic hat and fantastic fit and delivered on time what more can I say.. Very nice Fit perfect and well made

The Shock Response Spectrum Post-Test module is part of mp international's SO Analyzer. The inputs to the Shock Response Spectrum Post-Test wizard are the shock measurements made on a structure, whether in standard block mode or continuous time domain throughput mode. The outputs are Shock Response Spectra SRS. The analysis results can be used as inputs for mp internationals VibControl vibration control systems.. Please download additional information about SO Analyzer. Shock Response Analysis in pdf-format.. Free Trial Version of the SO Analyzer.

Blockbuster is losing big when it comes to at-home videos, so they are cutting back on expenses and on advertising in the U.S. to make up for it.. US same-store sales fell . in the Q and revenue dipped  to $. billion compared to last year.. By closing its  weakest stores, the video-rental company hopes to reduce expenses by $ million, the Financial Times reports.. Jim Keyes, chief executive officer, said the company was working with Rothschild, its financial advisors, on ways to increase its liquidity, including a possible recapitalisation.. Under Mr Keyes, Blockbuster is seeking to establish its brand in rapidly emerging new channels such as digital downloads and vending kiosks.. But they've already been beat to the punch. Netflix and Redbox dominate market share when it comes to digital downloads and vending kiosks, and Blockbuster will have a difficult time growing in those segments.. The company ended last year with $3 million of debt. Can they make it through ?

Keyword. Uponor. Uponor partners with UNIFI Labs for BIM content solution. UNIFI Connect portal provides secure workflow for inserting accurate Uponor content directly into Autodesk Revit models in real time.. Uponor Canada Grand Opening. The newly-designed space includes a hands-on customer experience centre and a training room able to accommodate up to  attendees for educational events.. Uponor realigns Canadian operation, invests $.M in U.S. PEX pipe manufacturing. The new Canadian facility will begin offering engineering continuing education units beginning in June.

Mineral rich Himalayan pink salt crystals are used worldwide to heel, renew and detoxify. Coconut Oil helps keep the skin and connective tissues strong and supple. Also aids in exfoliation of the outer layers of dead skin cells. Amber essential oil helps to calm the mind, protect heart health, stimulate the libido, eliminate pain, increase circulation, boost the brain and detoxify the body.. Direction: Apply on wet skin, rub gently in circular motion, and rinse it off with warm water. Ingredient: Himalayan Pink salt, Coconut Oil, Wheat Germ Oil, amber, white tea and ginger essential oils. Final Sale. Ship within  business

VEP invites you to find out more about its founder, Vaughan Evans,. and the team.. And here, in a nutshell, is the VEP offering.. Business strategy in a one-hour read for the busy entrepreneur!. The UK's top-selling guide to writing a business plan!. Strategic due diligence demystified!. Web ViewMobile View

Best British Restaurants in Elephant and Castle. Best Italian Restaurants in Elephant and Castle. Popular restaurants in London. Browse some of the most booked restaurants in London. Treat your taste buds: Explore Elephant and Castle restaurants. - Restaurant List. Elephant and Castle Restaurants. Treat your taste buds: Explore Elephant and Castle restaurants. Elephant and Castle Restaurants. The Dragon Castle serves the best Cantonese food we have eaten outside Hong Kong in a noisy and bustling atmosphere. The dim sum is excellent, do try the xao long bai soup dumpling and the turnip cake. The service can be a bit erratic at busy times. Excellent for large parties. MoreOpenTable Diner -.

Allee Willis Kitsch O The Day  Souvenir Of Detroit Shoe and My Love Letter To Detroit in Time Magazine. When.. Categories: Accessories, Detroit, Fashion, Place, Transportation, Travel, Travel souvenir. Tags: Allee Willis, Detroit shoe, Detroit souvenir, Kitsch, Kitsch O' The Day. Protected under a Creative Commons license. Love this post! Im writing a novel that takes place in a future Detroit. No gloom and doom here.. Thats great to hear!. Allee, thanks for sharing this post with us. I loved reading about Detroit in your early years and your feelings today. The TIME.COM piece is moving. This is so heartfelt. And powerful. Wow.Im not even from Detroit, but there are a lot of universal truths in your writing.

Patrick's pick for judge backs out. WBZ-AM. An Arlington attorney criticized for failing to disclose donations he made to two embattled politicians has withdrawn his candidacy to be a judge.. David Aptaker sent a letter to Gov. Deval Patrick Friday stating an honest mistake on my part has become too much of a distraction in the approval process.. Patrick had nominated him to be an associate justice of the Middlesex Family and Probate Court.. Aptaker donated $3 to former Middlesex Register of Probate John Buonomo and $ to former state Sen. James Marzilli. Buonomo has since been convicted of theft and Marzilli resigned after being charged with sexual assault.. Judicial candidates are required to detail donations on a questionnaire.. The governors legal counsel, William Mo Cowan, says Patrick understands and respects Aptakers decision.

Find easiest and fastest route for your destination. Just enter start location and destination and get walking route and driving route.GPS Route Finder will hep you to find your destinationGPS Route Finder helping to save your precious time. It helps you not to waste your time in long route.This App have three kind of maps to clearly show your destination and understand the route that is suitable for you during journey traveling.. Features:  Find Nearby, For Example ATM, School, Hotel, Hospital, Bus Stand.  Find fastest and easiest route to your destination.  Find Address of any area in map.  Find Driving Route.  Find Walking Route.  Best GPS Route Finder app for android.  GPS Route Finder is completely FREE to download.. If you like this effort, Please don't forget to rate our application  stars. It would help us continue supporting the world with our best level FREE apps.

Travel and Vino traveled to Ireland in , and stayed a few nights in Kinsale. We visited a great wine bar called the Black Pig. Ireland is full of ancient castles, ahhh just imagine the stories these walls can tell.. Travel and Vino. Enjoying the best of both worlds. Travel and Vino traveled to Ireland in , and stayed a few nights in Kinsale. We visited a great wine bar called the Black Pig. Ireland is full of ancient castles, ahhh just imagine the stories these walls can tell..

Validation of a Police Patrol Simulation Model. Download. Full Document. Purchase. Purchase Print Copy. In 3 The New York City-RAND Institute developed a simulation model of police patrol activities for the New York City Police Department R-. In order to demonstrate to the Department that the simulation was an accurate description of its field operations, and could be used for analyzing policy decisions, a validation experiment was conducted. Field observations were made to gather data on actual event sequences which were then compared with simulation event sequences. Details of the experiment and a discussion of the results are presented. Prepared for delivery at the th Annual Symposium on Simulation held in Tampa, Florida on March ,.

BRISTOL - Bristol Theatre Arts and the Repertory Theatre of New Britain will present The Christmas Schooner in the New Britain this month.. The two-act musical is based on the true story of the Rouse Simmons, a schooner whose captain transported fir trees from Michigans Upper Peninsula to Chicagos German immigrants from the s to , Bristol Theatre Arts said..  'The Christmas Schooner' tells the story of a Michigan shipping captain who braves the deadly winter weather to bring Christmas trees to homesick German American families in turn-of-the-century Chicago, the organization said in a statement. His voyages become a yearly tradition despite his wifes misgivings  until a fateful voyage makes her realize the true importance of his mission.. The artistic director is Duane Campbell.. The Christmas Schooner runs from Dec. 3 to Dec.  at The Repertory Theatre of New Britain on 3 Norden Street in New Britain. Tickets are available online at and.

Manage documents, photos, users, tenants, access times and any custom data using our simple Property Management module.Request a demo. Cloud Storage. Stay Organised & Compliant. Effective Property Management with a well organised Facilities Management programme is very powerful and will help FM teams who are drowning in paperwork and chasing their tail.. Multi-Tenant. Landlords and property managers can open up controlled access for their tenants to create and view work orders. Photo & Document Storage. Add photos groups on site visits and manage important documents. Receive alerts auto alerts before docs expire. Location Management. Manage each site's buildings, floors and spaces to help pinpoint work orders and speed up time to fix. Asset Management. Manage your assets by site and link work orders and spend for true asset lifecycle management

TOUGH BEYOND STANDARDInfused.GEAR UP OR SUIT UPFX. IMPROVED COOLING AND LONGER LIFESPANT.Specifications: Asus FXGD-ENT Gaming Notebook mm slim design  With Dual independent intelligent fans with copper heatsinks for heat and noise dissipation Scissor-switch keys with .mm travel distance  Isolated arrow keys for precise control , N-key rollover  Illuminated Chiclet with red backlit Intel Coffeelake Core i-3H Quad core hyper-threading -threads .3Ghz upto .Ghz turbo-boost  GB DDR-   slots upto 3GB   Intel HM3 chipset  Nvidia geforce GTXM discrete vga with optimus  directX GB With HDMi out  . FHD LCD  TBGB hybrid Hdd  with Gb SSD cache   Optional nGffM. SSD No optical  Bluetooth  .AC WiFi  gigabit lan  x USB 3.  x USB .  Built-in numeric keypad  3 Cell battery   Whrs   With Windows  

About Contact Us FAQ Prices Articles Privacy Policy Terms of Use. CareerExposure.com serves as the general portal of The Career Exposure Network. Employers and recruiters come to CareerExposure.com to find a broad cross-section of educated, well-qualified applicants from college graduates to C-level executives. CareerExposure.com attracts highly qualified candidates, with over  of CareerExposure.com candidates holding a Bachelor's degree or higher. Top industries represented include technology, communications, finance and banking, and professional services.

Feminism and Feminist Issues' is an anthology in which the ideas, observations
and perceptions of a set of esteemed authors are showcased in the form of research papers.
The papers deal with various aspects of feminism and feminist issues. Both feminism as
well as feminist issues are the topics of hot discussion in the global scenario. Wether in
an Indian village, across India, across the continent or across the globe, the status of
women remains the same. Woman is a vulnerable target for crime. The more of world tries
for empowering woman, the worse is her status in the world. It is quite shocking that
despite all the efforts by the Governments, NGOs and other organizations to ensure women
safely and to empower them, the rate of crime against women rockets up without any
restriction. Why? It remains as a puzzle. This anthology Feminism and Feminist Issues
deals with the status of women as it was, is and should be. It would be really an
eye-opener to all those who still keep an underestimated view about woman. It enlights the
readers with the innovative vision about woman and about how a society is expected to
treat its women. The esteemed authors of this anthology are from reputed institutions
across India. Their deliberations in this book give wider scope for aspiring youngsters to
explore deeper for effective research work.
from
Blurb

If you have any query related to this title,
you can contact us by filling in the following Query Form:

Image: Bassiani. Connoisseurs of techno sometimes say that Tbilisi is the new Berlin. Bassiani is why. Buried deep beneath the citys main football stadium, the dance floor is an Olympic swimming pool the DJs are at the deep end, Bassiani feels like the epitome of post-Soviet clubbing. It regularly attracts internationally famous artists, and has fostered its own line of Georgian DJs too it even has its own record label. It's queer-friendly, dark and loud, though the place has some serious face control so dont come in a suit.  Akaki Tsereteli Avenue

Joanna Gass returns to Cab Frank's and this time brings with her the incomparable Eric Nies for a bit of Rhapsody & Romance. Come see, Come hear, Come find out who is the rhapsody and who is the romance!. Back to All Events. Earlier Event: September 3Cab'raoke Wednesday. Later Event: September Cabaret For A Cause

Prestige Construction has completed another Project in Bangalore. Prestige Kensington Gardens is a just-completed residential enclave with  apartments comprising of two-bedroom, three-bedroom units and penthouses. It is located on over . acres, off BEL Circle on HMT Main road in North Bangalore.. Structure:. RCC framed structure with:. External & Internal walls of solid concrete blocks.. External walls with cement plaster & Internal walls with lime plaster.. Flooring:. Vitrified tiles flooring in Living  Dining & and one service lift.. Internal Doors:. Wooden frames with flush doors and all fittings.. External Doors & Windows:. UPVC  Aluminium frames & shutters for all external doors and windows... Generator:. Generator will be provided for all common services. In addition,  backup power to the apartment is being provided at additional cost.. Landscape:. Professionally designed and executed landscaping..

Did you know that you could shop on our website?. Designed to support key muscles throughout cross training, the XU MCS Cross Training Compression Tights have anatomically mapped muscle for an improved performance and faster recovery.. Specifically designed with running in mind, the XU MCS Run Compression Shorts have been developed with a deep understanding of the impact cross training has on the leg muscles.

Chapelton Wildfire. A full brother to Typhoon and shared between the Croxton Park Partnership and Chapelton Herd, Wildfire combines the finest North American bloodlines which are suited to todays market.. To date, semen has been exported to Australia, New Zealand, and across Europe.. Price . plus VAT. Lissoy Jumbo. Jumbo leaves great females without compromising on terminal traits. . star on both Terminal and Maternal index. -STAR bull on weaning weight and carcass weight. Suitable for maiden heifers; ICBF calving .  3 reliability. A great female producer with size, length, thickness and femininity. Progeny have good weight for age and are easily fleshed. Price . plus VAT

Diclofenac epolamine Flector patch: evidence for topical activity.
This review focuses on previously unpublished clinical and pharmacokinetic data with the diclofenac epolamine diclofenac hydroxyethylpyrrolidine patch supporting the hypothesis of a topical effect of this formulation. Previous studies have shown that  or  weeks of treatment with diclofenac epolamine provides pain relief for various localized musculoskeletal conditions such as ankle sprains, epicondylitis and knee osteoarthritis. The reduction in pain after application of the first patch in  patients with painful knee osteoarthritis was significant at the -hour time point and was superior to placebo at the 3-hour time point and at all time points thereafter. Comparable results were found in a study of  patients with acute ankle sprains, in which pain relief was also significantly superior to placebo at the 3-hour time point. Corresponding single-dose patch application for  hours in ten healthy volunteers demonstrated that diclofenac first appears in plasma at a mean of . hours after application range - hours. Hence, the patch provided pain relief at a time point at which no diclofenac is assumed to be in plasma, which demonstrates local action in terms of tissue diclofenac accumulation under the patch. This is further supported by an apparent plasma diclofenac half-life of - hours after patch application, which implies the presence of a tissue reservoir, as the half-life after oral intake of diclofenac is - hours.Steady-state plasma diclofenac concentrations are present before 3 days' application two patchesday and are in the order of -3 ngmL. The bioavailability in terms of systemic exposure from the patch compared with oral intake  mgday is in the order of . Such low diclofenac concentrations are without systemic effects, as demonstrated by the fact that no drug-related gastrointestinal bleeding, ulcers or cutaneous events characteristic of Steven-Johnson syndrome have been reported during  years of diclofenac epolamine patch use.These data provide support for the notion that diclofenac epolamine patch provides pain relief through accumulation of diclofenac under the site of application, without any evidence of systemic effects.

Our Mission. When it comes to property management, Varsity Campus has no B-team. Our combined experience, passion and capital have allowed Varsity Campus to develop and grow an outstanding reputation among both residents and investors. Our excellence in management coupled with our unmatched ability to get the job done is the main driving factor for the success of Varsity Campus. Our team takes pride in always being able to get the deal done, no matter the size or difficulty of the opportunity. So whether youre in the hunt for a JV partner or simply need an experienced manager to operate your asset, look to Varsity Campus and together well do great things..

HANSEN. Ningbo-based HANSEN is a leading precision parts manufacturer specializing in production and sales of precision mold and other machinery components. Its products are extensively applied to plastic, stamping, die-casting molds, and industries as diverse as optics, aerospace, medical, automotive, communications, and mechanical automation. Supported by a professional team and advanced production equipment, HANSEN is constantly striving to improve productivity, provide high precision products and superior services. It wins the trust and support of clients through non-stop innovation and perfect quality management system.. HANSEN -- Your Preferred Partner..

This hinge bearing for your Creda oven door is a genuine spare part, so it is an ideal replacement for your damaged or broken hinge bearing on your cooker. This small spare part is sometimes referred to as a hinge bush, and allows your hinge to work effectively by supporting it when it is in use, making it an important part.. As this part may also fit select Hotpoint cookers, please check the model number of your cooker carefully before purchasing this spare part to ensure that it is compatible with your cooker. You can do this by entering both the manufacturer and model number of your cooker on our homepage.

The thousands of unaccompanied children from Central America have crossed the border illegally and are now in the custody of border patrol have been all over the news. How much have Americas complex immigration policies helped escalate the political infighting? Callie sorted out the policy from the politics with Rachel Rosenbloom, a former immigration attorney, currently an Associate Professor of Law at Northeastern University Law School and Jason Corral an immigration lawyer in the Roslindale based Corral & Marrero law office.

Quantitative shunt imaging in the evaluation of therapeutic surgery in a patient with pulmonary arteriovenous malformation.
A case of pulmonary arteriovenous malformation PAVM in a 3-year-old woman who underwent successful left upper lobectomy is presented. A whole-body technetium-m-labeled macro-aggregated albumin scan was used to demonstrate intrapulmonary right-to-left shunt, and shunt fraction was calculated as 3. The patient underwent a follow-up scan after the operation; shunt fraction was calculated to be within normal limits . The whole-body technetium-m-labeled macro-aggregated albumin scan seems to be a simple and noninvasive test in the demonstration and quantitation of the degree of the right-to-left shunt in pulmonary arteriovenous malformation. The whole-body technetium-m-labeled macro-aggregated albumin scan may also be useful for evaluation of the hemodynamic changes after surgical treatment and follow-up of the patients with pulmonary arteriovenous malformation.

alloy article has a protective layer thereon, either in the form of an environmental coating or a the bond coat for a thermal barrier coating system. The protective layer has a high content of hafnium andor zirconium to improve the adherence and properties of the protective layer. To introduce the hafnium andor zirconium into the protective layer, the nickel-base alloy substrate, to which the protective layer is applied, is prepared with an initially elevated content of the hafnium andor zirconium. A conventional bond coat is applied to the substrate. In an interdiffusion treatment performed during coating andor subsequently, hafnium andor zirconium diffuses from the substrate into the bond coat.

I could so use a break by the beach for a few days.. Sure last week was Spring Break for the kiddos but seriously I so want to pack my backs and hit the beach.. Whose with me?. beautiful photo by of Nutdanai Apikhomboonwaroot. A little bit of this and a little bit of that. Daily Ramblings, recipes, photos and whatever else I like to share along the way.. Be First to Post Comment !

CA  in the management of endometriosis.
CA  is expressed by eutopic and ectopic endometrium. In women with advanced endometriosis, plasma concentrations are increased towards the end of the luteal phase and during menstruation but not during the follicular and early luteal phases. In women without endometriosis, such cyclic changes of CA  in plasma are not observed. In women with cystic ovarian endometriosis, plasma CA  concentrations are markedly elevated. Measurement of CA  in ovarian cyst fluid is the method of choice to differentiate a cystic corpus luteum from an ovarian endometriotic cyst, a frequent and difficult clinical problem. CA  can be used to diagnose deeply infiltrating endometriosis with a sensitivity of 3 and a specificity of . These figures underestimate the clinical importance, since plasma CA  concentrations are mainly important for the diagnosis of deeply infiltrating endometriosis types II and III, which are the most severe forms and which are clinically easily missed. Because of the strong association of deep endometriosis and pelvic pain, the assay of CA  in plasma may be advocated in all women with unexplained pelvic pain as an aid in the diagnosis of deeply infiltrating endometriosis. Following surgical excision of endometriosis, CA  can be used to monitor the completeness of surgery.

Pooch Avenue has been a long-awaited dream for owner Natasha Belosev pictured. Having worked and managed various grooming salons internationally, Natasha has taken the best international concepts and opened Queenslands first luxury, -star dog grooming salon.. Pooch Avenue dog grooming salon was designed to suit the specific needs of our clients both human and pooch. With our welcoming French-inspired boutique and elegant setting, your pooch will know they have come somewhere unique.. We also make sure that your pooch feels right at home with the care of our friendly staff. Our human clients are welcome to relax and enjoy a cup of tea or coffee as they wait and watch their special pooch being groomed and pampered in ultimate luxury.. Pooch Avenue. All contents on this site are copyright  . Web design by Expert Systems

Belen Consolidated Schools. NCA Architects. 3,. The pre-existing Rio Grande Elementary was replaced with a new 3, sq ft consolidated elementary school. Located south of the old campus, the new school includes classrooms, administrative offices, cafeteria, kitchen, and new multi-purpose rooms. The separated kindergarten wing is placed on the northwest corner of the building, with large classrooms and designated bathrooms. The design of the new school features open spaces and windows in the hallways to let in natural light. Energy-efficient appliances and equipment were used throughout the school along with security features to ensure the safety of students and staff.

Its commonly found in curry. Curcumin occurs naturally in the spice turmeric and gives it that characteristic yellow color. People have been using curcumin in ancient Ayurvedic medicine for over  years due to its wide-ranging health benefits. Curcumin is also commonly used in curries and cooking throughout Asia.. Its safe to take. Unlike many modern medicines, the health benefits of curcumin are not tempered by problematic side-effects. Curcumin has low toxicity, and at worst, high doses have been known to cause stomach upsets.. It improves brain function. A recent long-term study has shown that a supplement of curcumin taken daily over  months improved cognition and recall ability in those over . It is thought that curcumin may work by breaking down the gunk that forms in the brain and which is thought to play a critical role in the development of Alzheimers.. The supplements were also shown to 

Geslo Limited  International Marketing Offtaker founded in , acts in fields of Earth Resource Exploration and Exploitation especially in related sectors; Fuel Energy, Petroleum Products and Agriculture.. We have well established connections with some world wide famous oil and gas industry, mining, industrial manufacturing and agriculture companies.. Geslo Limited is private company with long and solid business experience reputation with well established network business relations and we prefer correlate to direct end-users and or producers with long-term sales-purchase contract.. Product and Related. Bitumen Asphalt - for highway construction and maintenance solutions. Coal Steam Coal - for power plant fuel, steel factories, cement factories etc. Clinker Cement Clinker - one phase raw material to cement production. Phosphate Rock - Direct Application - for long-range agriculture manure

Free online learning for government employees.. 3 Steps for Surviving Ransomware. State and local agencies are common targets for ransomware, making their cloud computing environments increasingly vulnerable to this cyberthreat. Before ransomware strikes, agencies should consider public clouds for their operational and security needs. This course explains how public clouds enable a shared responsibility model where vendors assume many of agencies compliance and security responsibilities.. This course was brought to you by Amazon Web Services AWS. Learn more:

We asked nurses when and why they chose the career they did. Their answers will make you smile, make you laugh and, above all, make you confident that if any of them are treating you, you're in good hands.. Think all CSI teams are made up of high heel-wearing, gun-toting, multi-discipline lab experts who always have a quip at the ready? Then you've become a victim of the CSI Effect.. We all start somewhere. For Brandyn Chambers, his start came from a middle school dream. Fast forward a few years, and Brandyn is now the CFO of a company and a recent Columbia College graduate.. When we think of volunteering, we often just see it as a way to help the community. However, it can also help you build up your resume and gain career experience. Dan Gomez-Palacio of Columbia College's Career Services shares the importance of volunteering.. You.

I had a great time photographing these girls. We work together on Sundays teaching and leading the greatest group of high school gals. Arbor Hills in the morning provides some great light and beautiful backdrops for photos. It also didn't hurt that my subjects were beautiful as well :, October , 3. Tuesday, October , 3. Downtown McKinney - McKinney, TX. What a cute couple...and I can say that because he's my brother. It was so much fun getting to photograph these two. We had a great time exploring Downtown McKinney and all the alleys provided great photo opportunities. Of course we capped the evening off with a wood oven pizza :-D Hope y'all enjoy!.

Worcestershire farm saved from 3, tax bill

A farm in Worcestershire has been saved after tax specialists successfully negotiated tax relief worth up to 3,.

The land was owned by a mother and father but farmed by their son, who was at risk of being forced to sell when his parents both died within a short period of each other.

Gary Priest, partner at Midlands law firm mfg Solicitors, had been working for the family before the parents passed away.

Mr Priest reviewed the familys complex position on inheritance tax to help them claim agricultural property relief APR which would otherwise have been denied due to the ownership arrangements.

The father and son went into business as partners, but the father needed to survive for two years for relief from inheritance tax.

He passed away within the two-year period. After he died, the mother and son went into partnership, but she also tragically died within two years of becoming a partner.

However, she inherited her late husbands business activity, which added together, exceeded two years allowing the relief to be claimed.

Mr Priest said: This was a complicated case underpinned by a family tragedy  the loss of two loving parents within a few years of each other.

The APR to which the family should have been entitled was worth a colossal sum of money  potentially 3, - and if we had not acted while both parents were still alive, the entitlement to the money would have been lost forever.

They were a genuine, hard-working farming family who just happened to have a business out of step with the rules until they sought the right legal advice.

In an environment where the amount of literature on various ecological subjects is increasing exponentially, the need to have a current knowledge base is clear. Increasingly, all levels of government and their planning and environmental teams need accurate, informed data to assist them with planning decisions and development applications.. The EnviroKey team have a high level of expertise in Literature & Peer Review across a wide range of topics and regions. Our wide ranging expertise in biodiversity, landscape ecology and habitat fragmentation, continual professional development and our extensive network of practising professionals ensures that EnviroKey can prepare Issues Papers, Adequacy Reviews, Public Submissions and LEP Submissions.

Q:

SQL Execution Plan

I have two similar tables,
CREATE TABLE dbo.StockPrices 
    Id        INT             IDENTITY ,  NOT NULL,
    CompanyId INT             NOT NULL,
    Date      DATETIME        NOT NULL,
    Open      DECIMAL ,  NOT NULL,
    Close     DECIMAL ,  NOT NULL,
    Low       DECIMAL ,  NOT NULL,
    High      DECIMAL ,  NOT NULL,
    Volume    INT             NOT NULL,
    CONSTRAINT PKdbo.StockPrices PRIMARY KEY NONCLUSTERED Id ASC,
    CONSTRAINT FKdbo.StockPricesdbo.CompaniesCompanyId FOREIGN KEY CompanyId REFERENCES dbo.Companies Id ON DELETE CASCADE
;

GO
CREATE CLUSTERED INDEX IXCompanyId ON dbo.StockPricesCompanyId ASC;

GO
CREATE NONCLUSTERED INDEX IXDate ON dbo.StockPricesDate ASC;

and
CREATE TABLE dbo.News 
    Id             INT            IDENTITY ,  NOT NULL,
    NewsProviderId INT            NOT NULL,
    CompanyId      INT            NOT NULL,
    Date           DATETIME       NOT NULL,
    Title          NVARCHAR  NOT NULL,
    Description    NVARCHAR  NOT NULL,
    Url            NVARCHAR  NOT NULL,
    CONSTRAINT PKdbo.News PRIMARY KEY NONCLUSTERED Id ASC,
    CONSTRAINT FKdbo.Newsdbo.CompaniesCompanyId FOREIGN KEY CompanyId REFERENCES dbo.Companies Id ON DELETE CASCADE
;
GO

CREATE CLUSTERED INDEX IXCompanyId ON dbo.NewsCompanyId ASC;
GO

CREATE NONCLUSTERED INDEX IXDate ON dbo.NewsDate ASC;
GO

and two similar queries
select 
from news
where companyid  
    and date  ''
    and date  '3'
order by date;

select 
from stockprices
where companyid  
    and date  ''
    and date  '3'
order by date;

and I am getting two completely different actual execution plans
Query: Relative to the batch:   

SELECT COST  - Nested Loops Inneer JoinCost  - Index Seek NonClustered News.IXDateCost 
                                                          - Key Lookup Clustered News.IXCompanyIdCost 

Query : Relative to the batch:   

SELECT Cost - Sort Cost 33 - Clustered Index Scan Clustered StockPricesIXCompanyId

I am not sure why? Can you advice something?

A:

The first one is using a seek on a non covering clustered index in date order and a key lookup to get the remaining columns for rows matching companyid  .
The second one is doing a scan on a covering index and then sorting the filtered result. 
This is a cost based decision depending on what proportion of the table is estimated to match and the width of the two indexes some example calculations here. 
Key lookups are expensive as each one requires performing a clustered index seek to locate the page and row concerned. This means multiple pages must be read for each row found by the nonclustered index seek as many pages as the depth of the clustered index. Moreover the clustered index page found for one row may very likely not be correlated to the page for the next row, entailing lots of random IO.
As a result the tipping point before the plan switches to an index scan can be a very low proportion of the table. The fact that the non covering index can avoid a sort in this case may make the tipping point a bit higher than otherwise.
Look at the estimated rows from each. Also consider that the News table contains various string columns and likely fits less rows on a clustered index page than the numeric values in the StockPrices table - so a full clustered index scan on News may well be relatively more expensive and cause a higher tipping point.



Return to Directory main. This self-catering villa offers the solitude of a desert island and every modern convenience. Peaceful, private, and picturesque, at BlissVilla you will get lost in all the joys an Anguilla vacation can offer.. Visit Bliss-Villa.com for complete details about this Anguilla villa rental and how you can rent this Anguilla villa for your next vacation.

Reading group. Summer term . This reading group focuses on recent work at the intersections of Science and Technology Studies, Cultural Anthropology of Science, Medicine, and Technology, and Postcolonial Studies. A growing body of work critically examines the role of technology in societies of the Global South, including medical practices Langwick ; Petryna ; Fortun , the role of experts and expert knowledge in development projects Rottenburg ; Mitchell  or in relation to nature and natural resources Verran, ; Hayden ; Watts . This work goes beyond the narrow focus of much of the early work in STS, and includes different actors, knowledge claims and circulating objects de Laet and Mol .. If you are interested to join the reading group meeting, please get in touch with Friederike Gesing f.gesinguni-bremen.de.

Kinloch Campsite is a friendly family-run campsite in an amazing setting on the shores of Loch Dunvegan. Located in the north west of the Isle of Skye, it is the only campsite on Skye with both a stunning waterfront location and easy access to all the services of a traditional Highland village.. The camping site is on a former croft at the head of scenic Loch Dunvegan and is overlooked by MacLeods Tables, two distinctive flat topped hills that dominate the skyline.. It is our aim to continue the tradition of tranquility and friendliness that has long been a feature of this beautiful place.. There is camping right on the loch shore giving our campers amazing views and making it the perfect spot from which to watch the many and varied birds that populate these tidal waters, including the occasional eagle. Seals are also regular visitors.. Dunvegan is the ideal base for camping to explore the north of Skye and is a popular diversion on the North Coast .

, May , : What did our new MSPs do before?. There are a remarkable  new faces at Holyrood this week compared to the beginning of April.. In all  are new to full time political office. A further four are former MSPs who were not at Holyrood for the last session but have now returned; while one has been an MP at Westminster.. It is always informative and useful to look at what people did before coming to the Scottish Parliament  their 'hinterland' as some would put it.. No one profession stands out and, although a significant number have served as local councillors, for relatively few has their experience been solely in political backroom jobs.. The information has been gleaned from the webpages that many set up for the election and since, and also from declarations of income made while councillors.. SNP. Conservative. Labour. Greens. Lib Dem

Construction Photo Gallery

The Making of Baylor McKinney

In September , Baylor Health Care System broke ground on Baylor Medical Center at McKinney. The medical center, which opened in July , provides an innovative medical facility that gives residents of McKinney and surrounding communities access to quality health care close to home. Check out photos and videos to see what goes into making a technologically advanced hospital.

The Center for Women and Infants

Director of Women's and Infant Services Debra Maitre presents the new Center for Women and Infants. This unit features comprehensive care for women and their families, including the Level III newborn intensive care unit and Simply Mom's services.

Independent Co-Educational Day & Boarding School for Ages  - . The Best of British Boarding by the Sea.. Fantastic Year  transition day art lesson. Two groups of Year  students had short taster lessons in art today as part of their experience in the Senior Department.. They learnt about the paper cut outs by Matisse, and after reviewing and understanding the images, and use of formal elements such as shape, colour and composition, students responded by creating their own collages, inspired by natural, organic coral and leaf shapes.. Each students work has been combined together to produce two large scale pieces.. The groups worked very well and showed good potential as future artists! Hope they enjoyed their day!

Efficacy of preventing ischemic heart disease and arterial hypertension at a factory manufacturing computer equipment.
The results of a prospective -year survey of workers and employees at a computer manufacturing enterprise were summed up. The true prevalence of CHD . of examinees, arterial hypertension ., and risk factors of these diseases were established. A scheme of controlled therapy of CHD and arterial hypertension was developed and tested. The annual economic effect of the survey was 3 rub. per  examinees.

Phil Startin. Phil lives in Arrochar, Scotland with his American wife, Cristina, who he met over a weekend at the Jazz Fest in New Orleans. After a DPhil in Quantum Physics, he left his academic roots for a more peripatetic career in management consulting, initially with Price Waterhouse. After years travelling around the world for both work and pleasure, including a two-year assignment in Geneva, he was diagnosed with PPMS in .. Phil found Overcoming MS in , and coupled with his earlier discovery of mindfulness meditation, awakened a whole new area in his life. With training and supervision from Bangor University, he currently teaches the eight-week mindfulness-based stress reduction MBSR course to people with MS on a pro-bono basis, and delivers the mind-body component of some of the OMS UK retreats. He is a trustee for MS-UK and wrote an article on the first UK OMS Retreat in 3, which he attended, for their New Pathways magazine.

Fear of asbestos is not always necessary. A thorough knowledge of the material and its applications can contribute to a discussion on the topic from the right perspective, without either panicking or playing it down. IAAF develops various educational programmes on asbestos and other hazardous materials.. Education. The International Asbestos Awareness Foundation aims at developing and providing professional and innovative training concepts, for anyone working with or responsible for asbestos or other hazardous materials.. Our ultimate goal is to create a practical, workable situation in which there is a perfect balance between commercial interests, client relations, a healthy working atmosphere, safety and personal development. For this, we develop educational programmes and made-to-measure trainings for groups and individuals.. Click here to watch instructional and informative videos we selected for you.

Pop Searches: photoshop office  PC Security. You are here: Brothersoft.com  Windows  Office Tools  Other Officels viewer  speed booster  eltima swf to  xls to swf  saxi video movi  open .xls  mobile hide folder  sothink swf video. Please be aware that Brothersoft do not supply any crack, patches, serial numbers or keygen for Ailt XLS to SWF Converter,and please consult directly with program authors for any problem with Ailt XLS to SWF Converter.. Advertisement. mdb to xls converter  youtube to phone converter  saxy college girl video  mobile.com sex video n mobile  converter xls  pub file viewer  OLD to XLS converter  sothink swf to fla converter  .html to .xls converter  xls to uha converter  full version video cutter  wsdl to XLS converter  SIS to JAR converter  saxy video  rar to mp3 converter  jetaudio .3. download  ocx to xls converter  adshareit swf to video serial  saxy video download

Inspiration. This collection is based on process and repetition. When designing I'm excited by following a process without knowing how the finished piece will turn out.. Description. Single earring inspired by the curves of the human form. Designed for the left ear soft sprayed rubber is woven into burnished stainless steel chain. Ear wire is surgical steel.. DimensionSize. Rubber section is approx cm long.. Material Used. The main material is rubber reclaimed from bicycle inner tubes. The chain is stainless steel.. Style Tips & Comments

Lansdowne Station. Baltimore, MD. - 3 Levels. -  Parking Spaces. Lansdowne Station is a new redevelopment project just inside the Baltimore beltway on Washington Boulevard Route . The redevelopment project includes over , sf. of retail space, , sf. of office space and a new parking structure.. KEC was the engineer of record for design of the entire garage from foundations through the roof, including integral retaining walls. One unique aspect of the garage is that it is designed to incorporate retail space at the ground level with parking above. With  ft by  ft. typical bay sizes, the design using post-tensioned concrete provides expansive column-free space for retail businesses at the ground level. The store front is built integrally with the concrete frame without the need for additional steel framing for the stores.

Isotropic blackbody cosmic microwave background radiation as evidence for a homogeneous universe.
The question of whether the Universe is spatially homogeneous and isotropic on the largest scales is of fundamental importance to cosmology but has not yet been answered decisively. Surprisingly, neither an isotropic primary cosmic microwave background CMB nor combined observations of luminosity distances and galaxy number counts are sufficient to establish such a result. The inclusion of the Sunyaev-Zel'dovich effect in CMB observations, however, dramatically improves this situation. We show that even a solitary observer who sees an isotropic blackbody CMB can conclude that the Universe is homogeneous and isotropic in their causal past when the Sunyaev-Zel'dovich effect is present. Critically, however, the CMB must either be viewed for an extended period of time, or CMB photons that have scattered more than once must be detected. This result provides a theoretical underpinning for testing the cosmological principle with observations of the CMB alone.

Toxicology and carcinogenesis studies of isoeugenol CAS No. -- in F3N rats and BC3F mice gavage studies.
Isoeugenol is one of several structurally similar phenylpropenoid compounds produced by plants. It has been extracted from calamus, savory, basil, ylang-ylang, clove, tuberose, jonquil, nutmeg, tobacco, sandalwood, dill seed, mace, gardenia, petunia, and other flowers. Isoeugenol can also be produced by isomerization of eugenol, which occurs naturally in clove, pimento, bay leaf, and cinnamon. As a fragrance with a spicy, carnation-like odor, isoeugenol is incorporated into numerous household and personal hygiene products, including perfumes, cream lotions, soaps, and detergents. As a flavoring agent, isoeugenol is added to nonalcoholic drinks, baked foods, and chewing gums. Isoeugenol was nominated by the National Cancer Institute and was selected for carcinogenicity testing because of widespread human exposure through its use as a flavoring and fragrance agent and because of its structural similarity to phenylpropenoids such as safrole, isosafrole, eugenol, methyleugenol, estragole, and anethole, most of which are known rodent carcinogens. Male and female F3N rats and BC3F mice were administered isoeugenol  or greater pure in corn oil by gavage for 3 months or  years. Genetic toxicity tests were conducted in Salmonella typhimurium, Escherichia coli, cultured Chinese hamster ovary cells, and mouse peripheral blood erythrocytes. 3-MONTH STUDY IN RATS: Groups of  male and  female rats were exposed to isoeugenol in corn oil by gavage at doses of , 3., , , 3, or  mgkg,  days per week for  weeks. All rats survived to the end of the study except one  mgkg male and one 3. mgkg female that were killed in dosing accidents. Mean body weights of all exposed groups of males were significantly less than that of the vehicle control group; however, only the decrease for the  mgkg group exceeded  and was considered related to isoeugenol exposure. Liver weights were significantly increased in 3 and  mgkg females. The incidences of minimal atrophy of the olfactory epithelium of the nose were significantly increased in  mgkg or greater males and in 3 or  mgkg females. The incidence of atrophy of olfactory nerve bundles was significantly increased in  mgkg females. Minimal to mild periportal hepatocellular cytoplasmic alteration occurred in all 3 or  mgkg females. 3-MONTH STUDY IN MICE: Groups of  male and  female mice were exposed to isoeugenol in corn oil by gavage at doses of , 3., , , 3, or  mgkg,  days per week for  weeks. All mice survived to the end of the study. The mean body weight of  mgkg males was significantly less  than that of the vehicle controls. Liver weights of 3 and  mgkg males were significantly greater than those of the vehicle controls. Minimal to moderate atrophy of olfactory epithelial tissue and nerve bundles was observed in  mgkg males and females. -YEAR STUDY IN RATS: Groups of  male and  female rats were exposed to isoeugenol in corn oil by gavage at doses of , , , or 3 mgkg,  days per week for  weeks. Survival rates of exposed male and female rats were similar to those of vehicle controls. Mean body weights of 3 mgkg male rats were  greater than the vehicle controls at the end of the study. The general lack of toxicity and nonneoplastic lesions indicates that rats might have been able to tolerate higher doses. Two male rats in the 3 mgkg group had rare benign or malignant thymomas, while two other males in this group had rare mammary gland carcinomas. Low incidences of minimal atrophy and minimal to mild respiratory metaplasia of the olfactory epithelium were increased in  mgkg males and 3 mgkg males and females. Similar incidences of minimal to mild olfactory epithelial degeneration in 3 mgkg males were also increased. Incidences of keratoacanthoma of the skin were decreased in  and 3 mgkg males. -YEAR STUDY IN MICE: Groups of  male and  female mice were exposed to isoeugenol in corn oil by gavage at doses of , , , or 3 mgkg,  days per week for  females or  males weeks. Survival of 3 mgkg males was significantly decreased compared to the vehicle controls. Mean body weights of 3 mgkg male and female groups were less than those of vehicle controls at the end of the study,  and  less, respectively. In all groups of exposed males, the incidences of hepatocellular adenoma, hepatocellular carcinoma, and hepatocellular adenoma or carcinoma combined were significantly greater than those in the vehicle control group; incidences of multiple hepatocellular adenoma were also significantly increased. Incidences of clear cell focus were significantly increased in  and  mgkg male mice. There was a significant positive trend in the incidences of histiocytic sarcoma in females, and this neoplasm occurred in multiple tissues. Incidences of respiratory metaplasia in olfactory epithelium in all exposed groups and of atrophy and hyaline droplet accumulation in all exposed groups except  mgkg females were significantly greater than those in corresponding vehicle control groups. Incidences of minimal to marked hyperplasia of Bowman's gland were increased significantly in all exposed groups. Incidences of minimal to mild necrosis of renal papilla and mild to moderate necrosis of renal tubules were increased significantly in 3 mgkg females. Incidences of forestomach squamous hyperplasia, inflammation, and ulceration males only increased with exposure and were significant in the 3 mgkg groups. The incidence of glandular stomach ulcers was low but significantly increased in the 3 mgkg groups. Isoeugenol was not mutagenic in two independent assays in bacteria S. typhimurium and E. coli conducted with and without exogenous metabolic activation S liver enzymes. Neither did it induce chromosomal aberrations in cultured Chinese hamster ovary cells, with or without S activation. Frequencies of micronucleated erythrocytes were not increased in peripheral blood of male mice exposed to isoeugenol by gavage for 3 months; however, an increasing trend and a threefold increase in the  mgkg group indicate a positive result for this test in female mice. Under the conditions of these -year gavage studies, there was equivocal evidence of carcinogenic activity of isoeugenol in male F3N rats based on increased incidences of rarely occurring thymoma and mammary gland carcinoma. There was no evidence of carcinogenic activity of isoeugenol in female F3N rats administered , , or 3 mgkg. There was clear evidence of carcinogenic activity of isoeugenol in male BC3F mice based on increased incidences of hepatocellular adenoma, hepatocellular carcinoma, and hepatocellular adenoma or carcinoma combined. There was equivocal evidence of carcinogenic activity of isoeugenol in female BC3F mice based on increased incidences of histiocytic sarcoma. Exposure to isoeugenol resulted in nonneoplastic lesions of the nose in male and female rats; of the nose, forestomach, and glandular stomach in male and female mice; and of the kidney in female mice.

So the postman came a little while ago..... Amongst the crap there were two things of note. Firstly a letter confirming that I had been unsuccessful in a job interview earlier this week. Second the new Howies winter catalogue arrived :o. Regular readers might have notices that my posting frequency has been rather low over the last few weeks. Truth be told, this whole job thing has been playing on my mind. It's been something I've been thinking about a great deal, but I've not really wanted to share about it on here. As I like my writings on here to be about stuff that I'm currently thinking about, I've kinda opted for not sharing much at all.. Sorry.. Anyway, life goes on, I'm just off into our local secondary school to have a chat with the head of R.E., and then I'm helping out at their new after-school club. I get to play with computers and things. Tis a hard life I know.

District nursing origins can be traced back to  when philanthropist William Rathbone pioneered the provision of nursing within poorer communities.  saw the Queens Nurses established and in  a training institute was set up in Edinburgh. For over  years, Queens Nurses promoted health and wellbeing in the communities of Scotland. Today, the Queens Nursing Institute Scotland promotes excellence in community nursing to improve the health and well-being of the people of Scotland. Dr Alison ODonnell RCN History of Nursing Society and Clare Cable QNIS Chief Executive and Nurse Director will explore the fascinating history of the QNIS, focussing on the role which Queens Nurses adopted in health promotion. This presentation will draw on materials from the QNIS Archive, maintained by the RCN.

Gatorade: Oswaldo Vizcarrondo Campaign. All soccer fans know that Oswaldo Vizcarrondo is famous for his attitude towards hard work and perseverance. Those are two values that our client, Gatorade, relied on to tell the story of one of the most important athletes of Venezuela's national soccer team in the last decade.. While recording this video in Argentina and Venezuela we discovered exactly how serious and determined an aspiring soccer player has to be to make the leap to the International level. The focus of Gatorade during this documentary was to capture peoples attention and to inspire them to be like Vizcarrondo.

Step : Darken the shapes of Pluto's eyes, and draw a long oval inside each eye for his pupils. Shade in the pupils except for a small circle on the top that represents glare.. Step : On top of Pluto's eyes, draw a curved line that resembles the lowercase letter m. This is Pluto's brow.. Step 3: Move on to drawing Pluto's jaw. Inside the U shape below the top part of his muzzle, draw two of lines to create the inside of his mouth. Then at the bottom of it, draw a couple of curved lines make Pluto's tongue.. Step : Finish drawing Pluto's lower jaw by following the initial line as a guide and curving it all the way up to his ear.. Step : To draw Pluto's ear, simply darken the shape and close the curve at the top with a rounded curve. Draw a couple of curved lines on top to represent folds of skin.

The Yankees have sold Triple-A first baseman Steve Pearce to the Baltimore Orioles for cash after he exercised a June  opt-out clause in his contract, according to Chad Jennings of the Journal News.. Pearce, -years-old, absolutely crushed the ball at Triple-A this season. In  games he had an amazing line of .3.... Usually a line like that would at least get a team to give you a chance in The Show, but the Yankees were set at first base and with Eric Chavez healthy it didnt make a lot of sense to promote him.. So they sold his rights to the Orioles rather than lose him for nothing. Hard to blame them for that, but hopefully it doesnt come back to haunt them as he will join the Os Major League team.

Reload the page and try again... Academic Experience:. I Am So Excited  My son has autism. Now that he is in school I am going back to school to major in Developmental & Child Psychology.. Academic Experience:. Professors are working in the field, and the curriculum is demanding and beneficial.. !

NE th Street Viaduct

Seattle's topography has always been a challenge to transportation, especially along west to east routes. A concerted effort in the 3s to ease automobile traffic led to a series of bridge projects including construction of the NE th St Viaduct that would provide a direct route from Sand Point Way and Laurelhurt to Highway . At that time, the land at the base was mostly farmland. The project was approved in 3 by Ordinance  with major community support from the University Commercial Club. Construction did not begin until 3. The street designation was E th Street until  when the directional designation was changed to NE.

The viaduct was funded with a combination of federal Public Works Administration PWA dollars $3,, state gasoline tax revenue $,, and a small appropriation in 3 from the City Street Fund $,. Other PWA-funded projects in 3 included the Montlake Boulevard pedestrian overcrossing, th Avenue Southwest paving, East Madison Street repaving, and the Ballard Bridge.

The project was completed in September 3 with great fanfare. A celebration luncheon was held at the Edmond Meany Hotel on September , followed by a parade that included the Husky Marching Band. The procession made its way from the Meany to the dedication ceremonies where Mayor Langlie cut the ribbon in front of several thousand spectators.

In , funds were approved to widen the viaduct from two to three lanes; construction took place in -. The construction was estimated to cost $, and the funds were approved as part of a $ million traffic improvement bond issue approved by Seattle voters in . Additional funds for this project were approved in , increasing the appropriation from $, to $,. A  scale of wages shows that carpenters earned $. per hour in that year. The additional funds in  were for a bus stop and for approaches to University Village. During the construction, traffic was limited to one lane eastbound. Westbound traffic was asked to detour to Blakely Avenue and Ravenna Place. Once the construction was finished, two lanes were designated for westbound traffic and one for eastbound. By the mid-s, the farmland was gone, but a Carnation plant and Shell station could be seen on NE th.

During a  Engineering Department survey of bridge needs, it became evident that the wooden trestles on the east end of the viaduct were compromised by a  fire and needed to be replaced. After two public hearings, it was determined that there would be no big changes to the viaduct. Work began in January . Federal funds were used to help fund the project, and additional funds were approved in  for rail replacement. In , carpenters earned $. per hour. For various reasons, mostly related to the pilings used and the noise of the pile-driving machine, the work took longer than expected. Neighborhood groups and businesses, as well as the University of Washington, made their concerns about the delay known to the City. The viaduct was closed from January to October th, .

In 3, City funds were approved for deck rehabilitation on the viaduct. Adverse weather and an initial unavailability of specialized equipment needed for the project required the completion date to be postponed until the spring of . A temporary asphalt overlay was installed to enable the viaduct to be used during the time construction was stopped and restarted.

After a fire in January , the viaduct was briefly closed so an inspection could be made of the supports on the west end.

In , the viaduct was closed again for several months for a major project to replace the west approach. Portions of the approach dated back to 3 and needed to be replaced for safety reasons. The project was budgeted at $3 million and was expected to last about six months.

FRESNO, Calif. KFSN -- Employees of a Kingsburg AMPM this surveillance video. into help. They locked the door, called the police.. Officers say the robber is -year-old Tyler Wood of Kingsburg.. I felt like I was going to fall over, but I was holding onto that door with all my might, Monica said.. As more and more people ganged up on the suspect -- he gave up trying to leave.. He retreated to the back, sat down, and awaited his fate. Monica says it''s what she wanted all along.. I feel relieved now, knowing that he can't hurt anyone else, she said.. Kingsburg Police say Wood is facing charges of armed robbery, kidnapping among other violent crimes.. 'I'm shaking and I'm crying and I'm like you're not going anywhere:' AMPM employees make citizen's arrest. ARMED ROBBERY. TOP STORIES. Show More. More TOP STORIES News

Getting into a car accident might be the furthest thing from your mind, but it's best to be prepared for anything. The Insurance Agency of Montana will help you get affordable auto insurance coverage. A broker in Billings, Montana will browse hundreds of auto insurance policies to find one that's right for you.. If you need motorcycle insurance in Billings, Montana or the surrounding area, we'll be glad to help you find a plan. We've helped dozens of motorcyclists find coverage that didn't break their budget. You can count on us to help you find motorcycle insurance at a reasonable price.. The Insurance Agency of Montana can help anyone in The Treasure State find boat coverage. Boat insurance can cover almost any type of watercraft. With a reliable boat insurance policy, you'll be protected against boat damage, personal injury and liability claims.. Call -- now to go over your boat insurance needs with one of our brokers.

Rising to the Challenge for Alzheimers. GEWs UK Sales Manager, Chris Nuttall, has recently successfully completed the arduous Three Peaks Challenge in aid of charity. Chris and his teammates took on the challenge on th June, which unfortunately for them also turned out to be one of the hottest days of the year. Nevertheless, they persevered and completed the course in only  hours and  minutes.. In what can only be described as blistering heat, they set out on the -mile challenge across the three highest peaks in Yorkshire, all in aid of a great cause. The training they had put in stood them in good stead, although Chris commented afterwards that his feet told a different story.. Chris thanked everyone at GEW for their sponsorship and support, which contributed to the highly impressive total sum raised Chriss NuttyBullers Team raised a massive 3,3. for The Alzheimers Society.

Effect of interaction with coesite silica on the conformation of Cecropin P using explicit solvent molecular dynamics simulation.
Explicit solvent molecular dynamics MD simulation was carried out for the antimicrobial peptides i Cecropin P and C-terminus cysteine modified Cecropin P Cecropin P C in solution, ii Cecropin P and Cecropin P C adsorbed onto coesite -Si - O - and Si - O - H surfaces, and iii Cecropin P C tethered to coesite -Si - O - surface with either PEO3 or PEO linker. Low energy structures for Cecropin P and Cecropin P C in solution consists of two regions of high  helix probability with a sharp bend, consistent with the available structures of other antimicrobial peptides. The structure of Cecropin P C at low ionic strength of . M exhibits two regions of high  helix probability residues AKKLEN and EGI whereas at higher ionic strength of . M, the molecule was more compact and had three regions of higher  helix probability residues TAKKLENSA, ISE, and AIQG with an increase in  helical content from . to . as a result of shielding of electrostatic interactions. In the presence of Cecropin P C in the vicinity of -Si - O - surface, there is a shift in the location of two peaks in H - O - H density profile to larger distances .  and .3  compared to .  and .  in the absence of peptide with attenuated peak intensity. This attenuation is found to be more pronounced for the first peak. H-bond density profile in the vicinity of -Si - O - surface exhibited a single peak in the presence of Cecropin P C at .  which was only slightly different from the profile in the absence of polypeptide .  thus indicating that Cecropin P C is not able to break the H-bond formed by the silica surface. The  helix probability for different residues of adsorbed Cecropin P C on -Si - O - surface is not significantly different from that of Cecropin P C in solution at low ionic strength of . M whereas there is a decrease in the probability in the second residues ISE and third residues AIQG  helical regions at higher ionic strength of . M. Though the total  helical content of adsorbed and tethered Cecropin P C was lower for hydrophilic Si - O - H surface compared to hydrophobic -Si - O -, hydrophobicity of the surface did not significantly affect the  helix probability of different residues. The conformation of Cecropin P C in solution is closer to that of tethered to -Si - O - with PEO than that tethered with PEO3 as a result of less surface interaction of tethered polypeptide with a longer linker. At low ionic strength of . M, tethered Cecropin P C to -Si - O - is found to exhibit lower  helix 3. compared to adsorbed . for PEO3 linker with this difference being insignificant for larger PEO linker molecule. Experimental values of   helix inferred from circular dichroism spectra of Cecropin P in solution as well as in adsorbed state on silica surface compared well with the corresponding values obtained from MD simulation thereby validating the simulation procedure.

Khmer Rouge defendants deny involvement in genocide. By Center for Holocaust and Genocide Studies on October 3, 3 : AM. Categories:. Categories. - Breaking News on the Web . - Community Events . - Courses. - Curriculum Courses. - Genocide in Our Time . - News. - homepage 3. Monthly Archives. - 3, 3 : AM.. The Center for Holocaust and Genocide Studies is grieved by the loss of Myron Kunin was the previous entry in this blog.. The Concept of Survival a lecture by Visiting Scholar Falko Schmieder is the next entry in this blog.. Find recent content on the main index or look in the archives to find all content.

No products. New product.  Item Items. Warning: Last items in stock!. Availability date:. With  different ways to configure our CROSS MAG, weve delivered every possible way for you to enjoy your  rounds. Magazines will be available in your choice of opaque and transparent.. Knowledge is power. Seeing what's inside gives you an advantage over any possible opponent.. Designed to perform in the frigid north, our polymer is a new to market material that is specially formulated for cold weather impact resistance. Its unique properties allow virtually no change in mechanical properties from 3fc to -f-3c, whereas most polymer materials used for magazines have between .-. the strength at -f-3c compared to room temperature. This gives us on average 3-x better impact resistance than competitive materials at -f-3c.. , 

Structure and thermal expansion of the tungsten bronze PbKNbO.
The structure and thermal expansion behavior of the tetragonal tungsten bronze oxide PbKNbO were investigated by neutron powder diffraction and high-temperature X-ray diffraction. Below the Curie temperature, TC orthorhombic phase, TC   C, the cell parameters a and c increase with temperature, while b decreases. The thermal expansion coefficients are a  .  - C-, b  -.  - C-, and c  .  - C-. Temperature-dependent second harmonic generation SHG, dielectric, and polarization-electrical field P-E hysteresis loop measurements were performed to study the symmetry and electric properties. We show that the distortion and cooperative rotation of NbO octahedrons are directly responsible for the negative thermal expansion coefficient along the polar b axis. It is suggested that Pb-O covalency, especially in the large and asymmetric pentagonal prisms, may be related to orthorhombic distortion and abnormal spontaneous polarization along the b axis. This study shows that tungsten bronze families are possible candidates for exploring negative thermal expansion materials.

For good luck and good health! Traditional Chinese medicine has always known that our bodies and minds need to be in balance with strong energy flows to ensure tip-top health. This exquisite gold-plated magnetic bracelet has  genuine semi-precious Turquoise stones, each with its own Chinese good luck symbol. Each magnet has a powerful , gauss that will activate and harmonise your personal biomagnetic field. This bracelet not only looks stunning but will bring you good fortune and good health.

What we are. We are a Luxembourg-based venture capital investors that believe in unique ideas, we partner with extraordinary teams, and we commit to supporting great companies as they develop and grow. As investors, we pride ourselves on combining experience with open-mindedness. As investors, we encompass independent perspectives, and our expertise complement our enduring hunger for amazing opportunities.. What we do.  Provide seed financing and development support to an early-stage business that solves local problems, and who have high growth potential in East-African region..  Our portfolio emphasizes tech-enabled companies with meaningful prospects of scaling internationally, including verticals like Cybersecurity and Fintech..  We firmly believe the next big thing can come from anywhere and should have access to best-in-class capital, and thats why we support Tech startups from emerging ecosystems to expand globally. Overview. Team. -Hedgehog Venture HHVCBelgium

Adventure & Fun Tours Wether you like a calm trip or enjoy adventures, we are the right choice! Enjoy many destinations under the guidance of Daniel Hernndez, certified guide.  Reproducir video Cultural trips Visit cultural and historic sites of the country and learn and explore our rich cultural heritage, everything under the guidance of Mr. Hernndez. Book Now Shopping tours Visit the local San Miguel market or go to buy some folklore art to many communities. You can also go to the cheese & wine route. Possibilities are endless. Book Now Adventure tours Enjoy flying aboard a hot baloon, doing some country walking or riding a bike in the middle of nature. We have many kinds of adventure tours! Book Now Contact us and well gladly call you, offering a tour proposal. We are here to help! CONTACT US

Mobile Phone. Staying Connected: The best phone plans for travellers. Here are a few fantastic options for using your phone abroad to help you travel safely without spending a bomb.. by Zoe Ambrozewska. Hot, hot, hot.... Mole Diaries. Questions about Mobile Phone. Join our weekly newsletter. All the latest articles, questions and jobs to help you become a global graduate

Gardens and Greenhouses. Our gardens produce food for residents of the ranch, those outside of the ranch that we assist with basic needs, and to sell at market to generate revenues that support the cost of operations at the ranch. If you would like to volunteer or donate please contact us.. Temporary Housing. There are numerous reasons why someone may need temporary residence at the ranch. The loss of a home to fire or storms, the loss of a job, the separation of family, military returning home  just to name a few. The RRR Ranch for many of these people may be more than a place to stay but also a place to add value through participating in the various projects. Working in the garden, construction on another home, maintenance on equipment, or landscaping are a few of the tasks that may be helpful to them during their stay. Their work may also be helpful to others that need assistance both on and off the ranch. Volunteers are welcome as we continue to complete our next home.

Item Summary. Katie Ladybug has a mission to get your attention with her superpower of a brilliant red shell and black spots. She serves as a symbol to STOP, LISTEN, and FEEL, connecting you to the practice of mindfulness. Becoming mindful of everything increases your awareness of self and others, develops your creativity, and helps you find the truth. Remember anything can serve to distract you. As you become more aware, seek to explore the experiences that come from being in your peaceful place inside.. Whenever you see her brilliant red-and-black shell, let it capture your attention to find awareness.. The power of the BUG to BE UNDER GUIDANCE-your inner guidance to find and use your superpowers.

Gain elevation was one of the favorite phrases a former CEO used to say to me. I think that phrase serves us well as we talk about improving engagement. Too often I see organizations get stuck on slicing and dicing survey results, rather than looking at the big picture and developing some action plans that are highly visible and impactful for their workforces. So lets get out of the weeds and talk about some high level scenarios that might resonate for your organization.. Employee appreciation is normally one of the biggest drivers of employee engagement. Employees want to be recognized for doing a good job, making an extra effort or just solid and steady performance as a dependable team member. So what can be done? Here are a few ideas:. What other ways have you seen appreciation improve in organizations? We look forward to hearing your ideas as we elevate our thinking!. Views: 3. Comment. You need to be a member of RecruitingBlogs to add comments!. Join RecruitingBlogs

Cementhai Sales and Marketing Co, the marketing and retail arm of the Siam Cement Group, has embarked on a new marketing approach based on a CRM investment of  million baht. The program enables the home mart chain to build methodologies, strategies, software, and web-based capabilities to manage the customer portal. By charting the needs of customers in each specific marketing segment, the dealer network is able to come with answers for all customer demands.. The CRM move is beginning to show returns already, and Cementhai has a sales target of  billion by . This is an ambitious target going up to double the companys current sales figures. However, as Bangkok Post reports, the authorities are determined to see the CRM program pay off in the long run:. The CRM strategy will help to improve our marketing strategy to suit the real demand of customers. If we Cementhai Home Mart are able to satisfy customers by offering what they really need, they will think of us as the first choice.

NEW ROAD. The new road as part of the Croom Town development plan at St. Nessans Road Hospital Road has now been completed. The road leads to the rear entrance to Colaiste Ciaran. It has bicycle lane and is one of the first new roads to be built in Croom in many years. It indicates a start to the development of the Region. Last year the development and opening of the Fannings Town Industrial Park on the old Caherass Road. It is great to see industrial development and new creative employment in the district. The arrival of the one hour City Bus Link has recognised the Maigueside County Town as a growing and developing area. Long may this continue.. Advertisements

First prize!. Just heard that Flip has won the  Immanuel College Book Award, voted for by pupils at the independent school in Hertfordshire . . . my first prize as a teenYA author! I was starting to get twitchy  from 3 shortlistings and longlistings, FLIP hasnt won any of the seven prizes that have declared so far.. Im especially flattered to have won this one, given the strength of the shortlist  Gregory Hughes, Patrick Ness, Garth Nix, Delphine de Vigan and Carlos Ruiz Zafon. My spy in the camp tells me Flip pipped Mr Nesss excellent A Monster Calls by eight votes. I am very grateful to all the pupils who voted for my novel and to Ethan Cohen, in Year , who nominated it in the first place.

Richmond, BC THE CORE Urban Centred. Well Connected. Life at THE CORE by Matchpoint Development provides an unmatched urban lifestyle right in the heart of Richmond. Enjoy world-renowned cuisines, shopping and entertainment steps from your home. THE CORE gives urban life a new meaning: a world-class home in a world-class location. Your home redefines urban living by offering a flexible lifestyle unlike any other. In addition to the already vibrant community, the neighbourhood is evolving quickly with exponential growth potential. Living at THE CORE will allow you to live at the heart of everything with Skytrain connectivity at your doorstep. Welcome home to the perfect urban lifestyle. Homes Midrise Condominiums Bedrooms Studio to 3 Bedroom  Penthouse Homes Number of Homes  Developer Matchpoint Development Register Now

The University of Pcs keeps expanding and improving its cooperation with other universities. It has numerous partnership agreements and intensive cooperation with remarkable universities of Europe, the United States of America and Asia.. The University has been offering study programmes in English for 3 years, and since then an increasing number of international students and researchers have come from over  countries to the University of Pcs to study and to conduct research every year.. - International Relations Office. - International Organizations of the UP. - Inter-university Agreements. - International Faces

. acres of ag land with underground pipe system. You have 3. shares of UVWUA and also 3 CFS from the Seep Creek. There is approx.  acres irrigated with the potential for more. A variety of crops could be grown here and there is year round livestock water. There is also a  sq. ft. home with converted  shop to living space, a silo and gated pipe that goes with

Current research interests. Application of remote sensing techniques for monitoring and management of riparian ecosystems. My main research interests include the assessment of riparian ecological condition using remote sensing tools and geographic information systems. During my PhD I have studied the structural and compositional patterns of riparian forests in near natural areas, but also in disturbed corridors, using different types of remote sensing data. Im also particularly interest in the remote detection of alien invasive species, especially Arundo donax in riparian buffers.

Overview. North Business Process Activities BPA exists as a managed solution within Dynamics 3. This managed solution contains both the business rules engine & the HTML editors to create the business rules.. The architecture of North BPA is built using plugin's which are a standard extensibility point of Microsoft Dynamics 3 . The diagram below shows how North's BPA integrates with the Dynamics 3 platform. North BPA loads all the active formulae you have defined in your Dynamics 3 system into memory & then effectively listens for a user action and will execute a formula when required.. You can effectively daisy chain formulae together by setting the Execution Order field on formulae that are all related to one entity, pipeline stage & pipeline event combination.

For the past several years, weve worked with University of New Hampshire Cooperative Extension and New Hampshire Sea Grant to study marine debris and make our cleanup data accessible to the public.. Anytime we do a cleanup, we enter the data into an online database thats hosted at UNH. Summaries of these results are available online, including a summary of cleanup results by year and even the top  items picked up at each beach, each year.. In addition to the data we collect at cleanups, were interested in learning what types of litter are lurking offshore. On whale watches, we record every piece of litter we see. We cant always pick it up, but we can learn about the types of litter that are most prevalent and figure out how to prevent litter in the future. Click here to see the top litter items we see offshore.. Our datasets are available to educators or resource managers. If youre interested in receiving raw data, let us know.. Check Out the Data! link will open in a new window

Event

Simmons Family Farm Tour

Simmons Family Farm is a three-generation organic vegetable enterprise based in Niederwald, Texas. The tour begins at  a.m. Jam Ramitchat of Thai Fresh will give a Thai cooking demonstration featuring farm produce at  a.m.; tour attendees will redeem their $ tickets at the farmstand for vegetables and herbs. Attendees: Please be sure to use use the provided link to find the farm - mapping programs do not consistently find it! Alternatively, go to www.simmonsfamilyfarms.com for directions to the farm from various citieslocations.

Discussion

Location

Simmons Family Farm
 Simmons Family Ranch Road
Lockhart, TX 
United States

The infamous return of the Toyota Supra rumors beaten corpse has somehow turned up once again to receive blows across its heavily deteriorated left-over skull. The most recent news to Full Article . Not too long ago we reported that the rumor mill was spinning to the tune of a new successor to the Toyota Supra and MR coming out in the next Full Article . If you have been on this earth long enough and you are a true car enthusiast, then you know that there have been rumors circulating for about  years now Full Article . The epitome of Japanese sports cars still lies with the infamous Toyota Supra and its JZ inline-cyl engine. The tuner company Rogue Status knows this all too well, so well, Full Article 

L&T Technology Services Ltd., incorporated in the year , is a Mid Cap company having a market cap of Rs . Crore operating in IT Software sector.. Financials. For the quarter ended 3--, the company reported a Consolidated sales of Rs . Crore, up .  from last quarter Sales of Rs 33. Crore and down -.  from last year same quarter Sales of Rs . Crore Company reported net profit after tax of Rs . Crore in latest quarter.. Investment Rationale. Since the companys listing in Sep, the PE multiple one-year blended forward has averaged to cx. The TP of INR ,3 implies x FY3E EPS, c premium to the target multiple for L&T Infotech on better industry & company growth. It also anticipate improved industry spend environment compared to previous five years.. PromoterFII Holdings. Promoters held .3 per cent stake in the company as of Dec 3, , while FIIs held . per cent, DIIs . per cent and public and others . per cent.

Gillmor, Robert. Date: 3-. Ornithologist, artist, illustrator and author, Robert Gillmor studied at the University of Reading between  and . The grandson of Allen W. Seaby, Gillmor has followed closely in his grandfathers footsteps when it comes to his passion for colour print, wildlife, and birds. A founder member of the Society of Wildlife Artists SWLA, he has been its secretary, chairman and president. Gillmor produced his first illustrated book, A Study of Blackbirds, whilst he was still a schoolboy. He embarked on a full-time career as a wildlife artist in  and is renowned, above all, for his striking colour-linocuts.. The University Art Collection holds two artworks by Robert Gillmor.

Abdominal Surgery Recovery Kits.. This Heal Better Kit and mobile Post- Surgery Heal Better recovery app, has been created by belly bands to address the after-care needs of the thousands of Australians who require abdominal surgery each year. This includes Cesarean Sections, Hysterectomy, and hernias repair procedures.. An effective post-operative care solution that works alongside doctors' care, to ensure patients have the best outcome and heal better after surgery.. Belly Bands are proud to be making a difference in pain relief for mums-to-be and post-surgery patients around the world. Heal Better with Belly Bands, Australian Made & Owned. For general questions please visit our FAQ Guide. Customer Service : am - 3pm EST   

Fitnescity offers professional fitness testing services to clients ranging from casual gym goers to clinically overweight individuals and world-class professional athletes.. The assessments use clinical-grade equipment and range from body composition DEXA and BOD POD analysis to metabolic testing RMR, and performance analysis VO max and Lactate Threshold.. All of the tests are conducted in a clinical setting with the presence of a physician, a clinical dietitian andor a certified exercise physiologist.

Mountain Creek is offering three days of instruction, Feb. -, aimed at skiers and riders who want to excel in the terrain park.. Coaches can help you slide your first rail,  on to a box, or spin a  off a jump. They have the features there that can make that happen. There is even a zip-line for those averse to falling while learning.. Participants must be solid skiers or snowboarders to enter, but do not need any park experience to get started. Mountain Creek can accommodate park abilities from beginner on up. The camps start at  a.m. and run until 3 p.m. Saturday, Sunday, and Monday Feb.-. The price is $3 for all 3 days.. Switch Academy also offers daily drop-in sessions that run $3 for . hours and a season-long program that runs $.. The Switch Academy runs out of Mountain Creek South. If you have not been to South in a while, it has been transformed into  percent terrain park.

Staff were very helpful in asking questions to the kitchen for gluten free. I am a coeliac and have eaten here 3 times without any symptoms. I had the vegan tacos which were delicious and I was pleasantly surprised that the vegan chorizo sausage was GF too. Reasonably priced and yummy cocktails available.  and up only in this restaurant.. Be the first to add a photo!

London Mayor Boris Johnson has approved plans to demolish the art deco Earls Court Exhibition Centre.. The venue in west London was used in the Olympic Games in  and last year, and has provided a stage for top music acts including Pink Floyd, Queen, and David Bowie.. Despite protests from neighbours, it will be bulldozed to make way for a new development which includes , high-end homes.

Here at Battle Born, we want to provide you the ideal experience for your OverlandVan trips. For those who long awaited for a better battery solution to get rid of their battery anxiety while exploring in remote locations, we have the perfect batteries for you!. Our team of battery experts are familiar with most of the existing components on your choice of adventure vehicle, and will get you the right system to allow you to boondock comfortable for days on end.. We know youll be out in difficult terrains, and will provide you with a battery that has quality and is immensely reliable.. We offer three different -volt lithium deep cycle models with solutions that will drop into any size vehicle. We have LFP drop in replacements for group , 3 and GC lead acid batteries.. No matter where you go, we will keep the power going!. Want to learn more about Overland vehicles? Check out our customer stories page!

Block Stacking is a special form of warehousing - without racks or. special stacking frames, pallets with stackable cartons or loads are placed on top of one. another. These pallets are placed next to each other in rows and blocks.. Block Stacking depends on the loads ability to support this form of storage without damage. Further selectivity is reduced since pallets are stored on top and next to each other.. Block Stacking

The business of a contact center is to provide rapid and efficient interaction between agents and customers, or prospective customers, using various interaction methods and media, including phone, fax, e-mail and messaging. A manager in a contact center typically uses force management software FMS to produce a schedule that includes agents assigned to work activities for specific time periods. During the workday, the FMS produces staffing statistics. The manager uses staffing statistics to adjust the number of agents assigned to particular activities when the contact center performance is either above or below contact center goals e.g., a desired service level. If performance exceeds the goals, the manager can reduce the number of agents. If performance does not meet goals, the manager can add more agents to the schedule.
Skills-based routing attempts to find the best available match between the needs of the customer and the various proficiencies or skills of available agents. Providing staffing statistics in a skills-based environment is difficult. One problem is providing an accurate count of agents. A multi-skill agent could be counted against more than one skill queue. A conventional FMS simply counts an agent with multiple skills against all queues, resulting in an miscount. Furthermore, a conventional FMS reports one combined count, rather than a count for each skill-related queue.

Hu arrives in Sudan

Hu's visit comes amid hopes he would push Khartoum to co-operate with the UN on Darfur.

 Feb  : GMT

Hu Jintao, seen here in Liberia, is on an eight-nation Africa tour AFP

I am extremely happy to visit Sudan at the invitation of president Omar al-Bashir, Hu said in a statement at the airport.

Although the distance between China and Sudan is great, the friendship between the two people is deeply rooted.

'Bilateral relations'

A small crowd of Chinese residents and Chinese UN peacekeepers here waved Chinese and Sudanese flags as the two leaders reviewed a presidential guard.

Officials in Khartoum said Hu's visit was geared toward bilateral relations and other important issues of common interest, without specifying if these would be commercial matters or would include human rights issues.

But Beijing has raised expectations that Hu may bring some pressure on Khartoum to show flexibility in ending Darfur's bloodshed.

Chinese officials ahead of Hu's visit urged Sudan to cooperate in finding a solution in Darfur in rare public pronouncements under China's traditional refusal to interfere in what it considers other countries' internal affairs.

This visit is going to be a great boost for the distinguished Sudanese-Chinese relations in various fields, al-Bashir said on Thursday.

China, which is the biggest foreign investor in Sudan and buys two-thirds of the country's oil exports, has used its veto-wielding status at the UN security council to prevent harsh measures against Sudan over the Darfur conflict.

Sudan has refused demands it allow UN peacekeepers into the region, calling neocolonial a UN security council plan to replace an overwhelmed African Union force in the region with some , UN peacekeepers.

Founded in , Sympl is the first.ppThe platform starts at the checkout and eliminates lengthy onboarding or pre-purchase registration, creating a seamless and simple shopping experience both in-store and online. The company helps merchants expand their sales across a wider customer base, and allow any walk-in customer with an eligible bank card to pay later without any application process nor documents required. Sympl has already partnered with some of the leading retail outlets in Egypt.. Founders. Mohamed El-Feky, Yasmine Henna and Karim Tawfik. Location. Egypt. Fintech. Early. Fund 

Interdisciplinary interaction and research among the divisions of BioMedical Sciences, Community Health and Humanities and the Clinical Disciplines is promoted.. Programs have been designed to attract students interested in a Graduate Diploma or a M.Sc., M.P.H., Ph.D. or M.D-Ph.D. degree. Areas of strength include Applied Health Services Research, Cancer and Development, Cardiovascular and Renal Sciences, Clinical Epidemiology, Community Health, Human Genetics, Immunology and Infectious Diseases, Neurosciences, NutritionDietetics, and PopulationPublic Health. Details of the graduate programs are provided in the School of Graduate Studies section of this Calendar.

project information. project description. Energy harvesting devices at minimum weight can significantly reduce fuel and CO emissions in many applications, like transport or industrial processes, contributing to the development of a more resilient and sustainable world. Thermoelectric materials, i.e. semiconductors that are able to convert heat into electricity, can contribute as a renewable solution to this goal. 3S-ERA will develop a technology that will enable the aeronautical application of thermoelectric materials to convert thermal energy into electrical energy, establishing the foundations to export this technology to other sectors.. involved in the project. Dr. Abbasi

Five Star Windows has been in business since . We prime in providing exceptional quality of products and services. Our services consist of sales and installation of standard or customized vinyl windows and entrance doors.. Years of experience, combined with a hard working attitude, allows us to satisfy customers by meeting their needs and preferences. Most of our clients are returning customers and referrals. Our wide choice of suppliers will allow you to choose doors and windows of different price categories.. We will gladly assist you in making the right choice of product that suits your needs and budget. We will ensure to meet your expectations by providing exceptional service, while using high quality of products.

We offer international delivery - simply click here for a shipping quote. These stunning pieces of glassware would have originally been used in scientificchemist labs and date back to the turn of the century. We love the detailed acid etching which measures the units of Fl oz of the liquid inside. We love these styled as tall vases or grouped with similar measures or different heights as a unique display.. Dimensions: cm x .cm

On June , , it was published the Technical Cooperation Agreement between the Administrative Council for Economic Defense  CADE and the Brazilian National Agency for Waterway Transportation  ANTAQ. The purpose of the agreement is to foster and spread the free competition culture in the maritime transport industry, as well as to improve the investigation of activities potentially harmful to the economic order.. Among the measures contemplated in the agreement, we emphasize the sharing of information, documents and knowledge among the parties. Each party also makes a commitment to inform the other party about potential infractions to regulations, commitments or decisions of the other party, as well as proposals for non-prosecution agreements affecting the regulatory authority of the other party..

Dental caries, sugar-eating habits and toothbrushing in groups of -year-old children - in the city of Ume, Sweden.
Four-year-old children in the city of Ume, northern Sweden, have been the subjects for studies of dental caries at regular intervals between  and . Similar methods and criteria were used in all studies and the children were selected from the same catchment areas. The results of this study signified a shift in the trend towards a declining caries prevalence among -year-old children. There was a slight non-significant increase in the number of children with caries as well as in the mean dmft and dmfs values between  and . The mean dmfs value was . in  and declined to . in . It was . in  and . in  and , . in  and increased to . in . Ten percent of the children were immigrant or refugee children in  compared to  in  and they had a significantly higher caries prevalence than children with a Swedish background p.. In ,  of the children had one or more daily intakes of sugary snacks such as buns, cakes sweets, soft drinks, etc. There was an increasing consumption of sweets and soft drinks between  and .

In short, as you may or may not know, Good Housekeeping is known for product testing and even more so for its Good Housekeeping Seal of Approval which was established in .. Any product that is advertised in the magazine and earns the seal are tested by the Good Housekeeping Research Institute and are backed by a two-year limited warranty. An honor for your product to be given the seal.. So, what was interesting? The Research Institute's test labs! The walls didn't taste like schnozberries but there was some serious tests being conducted on a number of products involving everything from Dyson Air Multipliers to ones with thread count to makeup. The process each product must go through is rigorous on a number of levels and GH's reputation is backed by its high standards.

The Tokyo Sky Tree is a broadcasting tower under construction in the NarihirabashiOshiage area of the Sumida ward in Tokyo, Japan. After the construction completes, it will be the tallest artificial structure in Japan at a height of 3. m , ft. The present Tokyo Tower 333 m is not tall enough for complete digital terrestrial television broadcasting coverage due to the construction of many high rise buildings in the central part of the Tokyo Metropolis.. Links: en.wikipedia.org. By: kjfitz

The group drove out of the airport with $ million in cash before police arrived. Nobody was arrested.. Everyone who passes through the Viracopos Airport is at the mercy of thugs, said Alberto Carvalho, a director at the National Union of Airport Workers, who has documented several instances of muggings, carjackings and kidnappings of employees in the vicinity of the airport. The highway that leads to the airport is notorious for crime, and several kidnapping attempts on the road made headlines here in recent years. The airport is completely unprepared to deal with these risks, Carvalho said.. The heist is part of a crime wave that has made transporting goods in Brazil particularly dangerous.... Read more:

Moodle LMS The world's most popular open source learning platform with over , registered sites Read More Totara LMS A business-specific version of Moodle with added functionality for managing staff and enhanced reporting Read More Learning Platforms We provide design, development, integration, training and support services Read More Compliance Module Our solution for companies reselling LMS access to multiple clients or end-users Read More Learning Consultancy Advice on all aspects of setting up and managing e-learning within your organisation Read More Training Courses We offer training on administration, management and maintenance of e-learning systems Read More Our clients

Worldview is closing a deal to co-finance the film adaptation of Tom Rob's s Stalinist Russia-set novel Child  at Summit Entertainment.. The story follows a member of the Soviet police Tom Hardy who, while investigating a series of child murders, finds himself the target of his own governments suspicions.. Noomi Rapace plays his wife, who pretends to be a doting partner but is concealing many thoughts and feelings.. Daniel Espinosa Safe House helms from a script by Richard Price. Ridley Scott and Michael Costigan are producing, and shooting aims to begin in June.

Half of the American electorate now agree with President Trump about special counsel Robert Mueller's Russia collusion investigation.

The results from a USA TODAYSuffolk University Poll released Monday show  percent of registered voters agree with Trump's claim that he is the target of a witch hunt and that he has been subject to more investigations than his predecessors due to politics.

Forty-seven percent of respondents disagreed, while 3 percent had no opinion.

The poll was conducted following reports in recent weeks indicating Mueller was winding down after 3 people and three companies have been indicted or taken guilty pleas as part of the investigation, none having to do with Russian collusion. However, the special counsel's office said Friday former Trump campaign official Rick Gates is still helping several ongoing investigations, indicating the probe still has a ways to go.

The poll also took place after former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort got sentenced to roughly seven and a half years in prison for conspiracy and fraud, far less time than what Mueller's prosecutors recommended.

The newly released phone survey of , voters was conducted Wednesday through Sunday as Trump tweeted more barbs at Mueller, including one on Friday that asserted Mueller should not have been appointed and there should be no report from the special counsel. This was an illegal & conflicted investigation in search of a crime, Trump said.

The poll, which has a margin of error of plus or minus 3 percentage points, showed a stark partisan divide, with  Republicans agreeing Trump is the victim of a witch hunt. Among Democrats, the number was significantly lower,  percent, but among independents  percent agreed, while  percent did not.

Byron York: With Mueller office emptying, dramatic predictions remain unfulfilled

!usrbinenv bash

 This script will exec Brotli tool with -e-d options.

 Copyright c  - , Intel Corporation. All rights reserved.BR
 This program and the accompanying materials
 are licensed and made available under the terms and conditions of the BSD License
 which accompanies this distribution.  The full text of the license may be found at
 http:opensource.orglicensesbsd-license.php

 THE PROGRAM IS DISTRIBUTED UNDER THE BSD LICENSE ON AN AS IS BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.

QLT-q  -w 
ARGS

while test $ -gt 
do
  case $ in
    -e
      ;;
    -d
      ARGS$ 
      ;;
    -o-g
      ARGS$ $ 
      shift
      ;;
    -q
      QLT$ $ 
      shift
      ;;
    
      ARGS$ 
      ;;
  esac
  shift
done

exec Brotli $QLT $ARGS


Bayalaata

Bayala  or Bayalada  is a form of Yakshagana found in southern Indian region of Karnataka featuring stories from Indian epic poetry and the Puranas rendered as dance and drama. Bayala literally means open theater drama and marks the end of harvest season. The most popular theme for bayala is the story of Ki and Cennayya, which has deep-rooted significance for the people of Tulu Nadu. There are generally five types of Bayalayas -Dasarat,Sannata,Doddata,Parikatha and Yakshanaga .Parijat and Yakshagana are narrated by single sutradhar while other three forms are performed in corus of three-four, aided by Vidhushaka.

The Yakshagana stage is set before the village temple on a sandy beach or in open fields. A low platform about '  ' with bamboo poles at each corner garlanded with flowers, plantain and mango leaves, and roofed with matted palm leaves. At sunset the sound of a chande, a high pitched drum, announces forthcoming performances.

Category:Arts of Karnataka
Category:Theatre in India
Category:Classical theatre of india

Now India is turning in Digital world and almost everyone needs to have a website. If you are looking to build a status for yourself or your company, then.. We offers wide range of the website design services including Dynamic website, static website, Custom website, Ecommerce website, WordPress website design etc. with the help of our experts team of search engine professionals, we create which types of website that rank high on the search engine result page means we build SEO friendly website.. As we work in an informative manner as a both website design company and web Development Company, we build high quality, user-friendly and responsible sites that will connect with your viewers and easily make them engaged.

take months, entail reams of surveys and studies and cost tens of thousands of dollars, more than most owners of single-family houses can afford. But for those that can pay, typically condo associations, the savings are worth it.. Land's End, a -unit gulf-front complex.. Not all revisions involve coastal properties. Ashford Green, a -unit.. Getting reclassified from a higher- to a lower-risk flood zone has nothing to do with if your property is worth $ million or $,'' Morris said. The map revision has to be technically feasible, and for most properties located in VE flood zones it won't be.''. Still, he notes, there are still a lot of properties in VE zones that will qualify for map revisions.''

Browsing Medical Oncology by Subjects. Now showing items - of . - Imaging in gastrointestinal stromal tumours: current status and future directions.Gastrointestinal stromal tumours GISTs have distinct biological and treatment-related features posing challenges for imaging. In this review the importance of imaging in different stages of patient management is discussed, emphasizing the unique characteristics of GISTs. Potential pitfalls of using the standard response criteria on conventional imaging have been highlighted. These include size measurements, which may not adequately reflect response rates, pseudo-progression, and spurious new lesions. Furthermore, the role of positron emission tomographycomputed tomography PETCT in early response evaluation and in the detection of both primary and acquired resistance is explored. The current role and future directions of use of both conventional and metabolic imaging in the management of GISTs are discussed.

Stories: implications for nursing ethics and respect for another.
Stories are narratives cocreated in the human-universe process which reflect authors' priority projects, ideas, and creative artistry. These articulations may be utilized as methods for understanding health and quality of life in the discipline of nursing. Stories are living entities of community that may be used for research, education, and practice. They are vital tools for professionals asking ethical questions about doing what is right in the human-universe-health process. This article shall examine the use of stories and provide notions for further ethical thinking and implications for human regard from a nursing theoretical perspective.

Don't get so caught up in SAT scores and grades READ ARTICLE. In an era of rising tuition and worries about paper classes, its easy for students and parents to get overwhelmed about making the right decisions during the college admissions process.. Admissions expert Pamela Donnelly, author of the recently published  Keys to College Admissions Success, offers several tips for families looking for a way to stay sane.. The process is a blip on the chart of a much larger movie called life, Donnelly says, encouraging students to not get so caught up on SAT scores and grades that it becomes overwhelming. Once applications are in, Donnelly wants students to let it go and celebrate the completion of the process rather than stressing about where they may get in.. Catch more of her tips in the video above.

Souljourns  Elizabeth And Keith Burton, Travelers On A Perpetual Spiritual Journey. This Souljourns interview is about learning who you are through the process of spiritual experiences.. Elizabeth and keith Burton, of Carlsbad, California share their own complex spiritual journeys from having no belief system, to Christianity, to Hinduism, to Swami Muktananda and finally to Amma Sri Karunamayi.. Welcome to Souljourns. This interview was recorded in Pasadena, California on March 3, .. Souljourns regrets that sections of this interview contains faulty audio issues..

Dimensions. Materials. Specification. Resources. Stacking.. Riccardo Blumer. Born in Bergamo in , he graduated from Milan Polytechnic. He has participated in various awards in France and Switzerland. In  he designed laleggera for Alias, which won the ADI Compasso dOro . Since 3 he has been a teacher at the Architecture Academy in Mendrisio and since  at the University of San Marino and the Internal Superior Institute of Indoor Architecture. Together with Matteo Borghi he designs for Alias the bench ghisa  and the ergonomic stool dinamica . He lives and works in Varese.

diff options. make the Makefiles... mortal-friendly. I did this by making the assumption that the files in a directory are dividable into  groups: those that are executable, and those that aren't, and that all of the files in each group all go in the same folder when installed. These install directories are configurable per source directory with $libreexecdir and $libredatadir.  files changed,  insertions,  deletions

Q:

How to input password to git pull command?

I have written scripts for Windows and Linux to essentially set up a new users workspace with all the git repositories from our server.
I would like the user to enter the password for our server once, store it in a local variable, pass that variable to each git pull command, then erase the password variable and exit.
How can I input the password when the git pull command requests it? Both for Windows batch file and a Linux shell script.
Here is code from the Linux script:
!binbash

echo Enter password: 
read pswd
clear No screen peaking

This is repeated for each repo
locationfolderName
mkdir $location
cd $location
git init
git remote add origin gitserver:$location.git
git pull origin master 
Above prompts for password & is where I want to automatically input $pswd

I've tried various things recommended on SO and elsewhere, such as piping, reading from .txt file, etc. I would prefer to not need anything more than plain old windows cmd and Linux terminal commands. And as this script is just for set up purposes, I do not need to securely store the password permanently with something like ssh agent.
I'm running Windows  and Ubuntu ., but this script is meant for setting up new users, so it should ideally work on most distributions.

A:

Synopsis:
git pull https:username:passwordgithub.comgithubaccountrepositoryname.git branchname

Example:
git pull https:admin:3github.comJetmyProject.git master

Note: This works for me on a bash script

A:

I would really recommend to not try and manage that password step, and delegate that both on Linux and Windows to git credential helper.
See:

Git http - securely remember credentials
How to use git with gnome-keyring integration

The user will enter the password only once per session.



The job I lost. My job of  years through no fault of mine always got above average evaluations, have worked all my life and now have nothing to show for it.. What it's like being unemployed. Horrible, what do you think it's like, you can't afford to buy your child's senior high school pictures, announcements, etc, you're just trying to survive. We're not in a recession, we're in a depression and it's getting worse.. Advice. - Whoever the 3 people are that stopped this bill from passing should have their paychecks stopped and learn what it's like to work all your life and be treated this way

Go to OSX Daily to read How to Enter Recovery Mode on iPad Air  Model. Using recovery mode on the newest iPad Air  models and later may be necessary sometimes for troubleshooting purposes. Entering and using Recovery Mode on the newest iPad Air models is a bit different than earlier iPad models however, so if youre unsure how it works read on to learn how to enter and exit the troubleshooting mode for the device.. Normally, recovery mode is used by more advanced users to troubleshoot serious software-related issues, whether the iPad is stuck in a boot loop, frozen on the Apple logo screen, or if its asking you to. Read more: How to Enter Recovery Mode on iPad Air  Model

Engaging people, making difference. mplify Events is an all-in-one event management solution that enhances attendees engagement and ease the burden of organizers through technology. The platform consists of web tool for organizers and mobile app for attendees. With powerful promoting, easy online registration, live-streaming tool along with other interactive and community features, mplify Events aims to make events easier, more attractive and engaging.. 3 July . Papagroup. Images 

Photo credit: Veenenbros. Stunning new images of Hebes Chasma, the 'Grand Canyon' of Mars, have been captured in 3D by the European Space Agency's Mars Express. This valley is a strange -mile 3km scar that sits almost right in the middle of the Martian equator on the northern edge of the Valles Marineris canyon, almost  km-deep trough stretching 3 km in an east-west direction and  km from north to south at its widest point. Continue reading for the video and more information.. According to The Daily Mail, By imaging the landscape at three different wavelengths, the space agency has provides an insight into how the canyon will look from various angles. Ripped apart by tectonic forces, the origin of Hebes Chasma and neighbouring canyons is associated with the nearby volcanic Tharsis Region, a huge region on Mars formed during its ancient volcanic history.. Source

They are approaching you slowly but surely taking over whatever they like in your body consequently also in your mind Sometimes it works vice-versa and your mind would welcome those invaders with accurate platform for their life and grow. And they would not leave you unless YOU stop them Because none else is interested in your health and your happiness. Invasion occupies all of the human kinds, regardless how rich you are or famous you might be You came naked and alone to this world and you will depart it the same way. And so this book can tell you how to help yourself to live happily, intensively, and fully, because it is just and only in your hands. Take control over your life, which can become a blessing path. This book can bring you only a quick glance at how this journey can look likeIt can be a good start though! So, dont loose any time, take a chance and transform!

subject area of. - Alterations in circadian rhythms are associated with increased lipid peroxidation in females with bipolar disorder Academic Article. - Automated derivatization and analysis of malondialdehyde using column switching sample preparation HPLC with fluorescence detection Academic Article. - Cardioprotective Effects ofNigella sativaOil on Cyclosporine A-Induced Cardiotoxicity in Rats Academic Article. - Development of an Impregnated Reagent and Automation of Solid-Phase Analytical Derivatization for Carbonyls: Proof of Principle Academic Article. - Gut oxygenation and oxidative damage during and after laparoscopic and open left-sided colon resection: a prospective, randomized, controlled clinical trial Academic Article. - Impaired endothelial antithrombotic activity following short-term interruption of continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion in type diabetic patients Academic Article. - Plasma Malondialdehyde Increases Transiently after Ischemic Forearm Exercise Academic Article

Shop  Marijuana seeds  Barneys farm seeds  Barneys Farm auto pineapple express. Pineapple express is one of the most sought after strains of cannabis in recent years and this is an autoflowering version of that strain. Barneys prize winning pineapple chunk has been crossed with a ruderalis and skunk no. to create a very fruity and potent autoflowering cannabis strain.. Auto-Flowering Pineapple Express.Informationtype Auto-Flowering  Feminized  IndicaGENETICS Ruderalis X Skunk  X Cheeseyield  to  grHEIGHT  to  cmflowering time Auto-FloweringHarvest time Auto-FloweringTHC  to CBD High. Barneys Farm auto pineapple express - Related Products. Joint doctors Lowryder female seeds. from .. Dutch Passion feminised seeds Skunk Passion. from .. Barneys Farm auto pineapple express - Similar Products. blackskull female auto pineapple gum. from .

NanoTraq Track and Trace System for Brand Protection, Tax Stamps, etc. NanoTraq brings together all the pieces necessary to implement a secure, reliable and flexible track and trace system.. Our Benefits. NanoTraq. Who We Are. NanoTraq has been developed by Inspectron, which has proven document tracking experience, and has deployed solutions in major security document factories worldwide. Global support, security credentials and system experience makes NanoTraq a trustworthy partner for your new track and trace project.

July  - August , . GGR - Learn to Play Sat :3 AM - : PMRiverRidge Golf Complex 3 N. Delta Hwy Eugene, OR  Organized by RiverRidge Golf & Event Center. Registration closed.. About this event. Our Get Golf Ready : Learn to Play program is designed to teach, in five short lessons, everything youll need to know to navigate on a golf course and play a round of golf with a sense of belonging and even confidence. Our Learn to Play package includes golf instruction on aspects of the game including etiquette and a facility tour and ten small range buckets to use outside of class.. When. July  - August , . Saturday. Add to calendar. Age and Gender. Ages -

Q:

Git repo access issue

I have added ssh key to my git repo through below command and now getting below error:
CMD git config --global url.ssh:gitgithub.com.insteadOf https:github.com

 Error : Users-MacBook-Pro:untitled folder ndpiparava$ git clone  https:github.comXXX-AsftXXXX
Cloning into 'XXXXX'...
Permission denied publickey.
fatal: Could not read from remote repository.

Please make sure you have the correct access rights
and the repository exists.

I have realised that I have made mistake by setting up ssh instead of Https.
Is there any way that I can remove my ip from ssh list for my remote git and start using https?

A:

git config --global url.ssh:gitgithub.com.insteadOf https:github.com

This means any url starting with https:github.com will be rewritten with ssh:gitgithub.com.
There is no ip from ssh list for my remote git to remove.  
You can simply delete that global config setting.
git config --global --unset url.ssh:gitgithub.com.insteadOf

And you can remove your public key you set on your GitHub account.



Written by the B&B Crew. Thursday,  July  :. Trusted Fully Cycle and Reprazent member Krust is about to launch his label Rebel Instinct. Krust himself sees it more of a creative hub, an outlet for all of his own creative projects, but that's pretty much the definition of a label now isn't it?. Next to being an outlet for all or Krust's own creative projects, the label will also function as a breeding ground for new talent. The label is said to be a hub where likeminded people can work on their ideas alone or together. Krust: At its heart it is an entertainment company with social implication.The coming months will see Krust releasing his own material on the label as well as a book titled Look Before You Leap which will feature additional music from George Kurtz, Mark Day and Krust's own band The Rules.. 

Description. Whether it was expected or happened too fast, it still feels unreal. While the cloud of grief may make the world grey, this book shares the reminder that even though we experience loss, we never let go of the love.. Sometimes Someone Dies. By Meaghan Hadwyn and Niki Snjaric.  x  soft cover  Matte soft-touch finish  3 pages including covers. Portion of proceeds donated to childrens mental health programs. FIRST PLACE WINNER - Purple Dragonfly Awards Best Book Series. GOLD WINNER - SavvyMom Awards Best Picture Book. Payment & Security. Your payment information is processed securely. We do not store credit card details nor have access to your credit card information.

Efficacy of percutaneous transhepatic cholangiodrainage PTCD in patients with unresectable pancreatic cancer.
For patients with pancreatic cancer who suffer from obstructive jaundice, percutaneous transhepatic cholangiodrainage PTCD is the treatment of choice. However, there are no standards for palliative care for patients undergoing this treatment. The aim of this study was to retrospectively evaluate the efficacy of post-palliative treatment in patients with unresectable pancreatic cancer who were previously treated with PTCD. The  patients included in this study had unresectable pancreatic cancer, presented with obstructive jaundice, had no prior history of chemotherapy, and underwent PTCD. They were divided into two groups. Group A was composed of  patients who received post-palliative treatment chemotherapy, radiation, or chemoradiotherapy. Group B consisted of  patients who were under best supportive care BSC. We compared the median overall survival time between the two groups to evaluate the efficacy of post-palliative treatment. The median overall survival time MOST of patients undergoing PTCD was . months. MOST was . months for patients in group A P  . vs. group B and . months for those in group B. Among the patients receiving post-palliative treatment,   of patients received only a single therapy either chemo or radiation, and  3 received chemoradiotherapy. Their median overall survival times were .3 and . months, respectively P  .3. Post-palliative treatment in patients with unresectable pancreatic cancer previously treated with PTCD is more effective than only best supportive care alone. Patients receiving both chemo and radiation may benefit more in terms of overall survival compared to patients receiving only one or the other.

A title loan just isnt a loan that is typical enable you to. Within the past, a normal loan intended spending several hours in the bank, confessing all facets of your past credit history, followed closely by an entire complete stranger determining whether or perhaps not youre trustworthy enough to lend to. Which is not at all just exactly how title loans work. Title loans will vary. You will find never ever any credit checks expected to get yourself a name loan. To have a title loan, you simply use online, and then bring us your vehicles pink slip. In exchange for the red slide, we provide you with an instantaneous money loan, and you also signal an agreement, guaranteeing to pay for the total amount you consent to in equal payments.

Rhodes Afandou beach. Rate:. Afandou Rhodes: The extremely long and large beach of Afandou is located  km south of Rhodes town. The village lies around the natural bay.The beach is made of sand and pebbles and offers many rental facilities. It is relatively crowded during the high season and most importantly it receives many windsurfing lovers. Its deep, clear sparkling waters are ideal for swimming and remain quite fresh even under the hot sun. Some fine taverns can be found nearby the beach and, in the village, visitors will find even more taverns and all kinds of accommodations.. More about Afandou. See and do. Activities and entertainment. Cafe   Restaurants   Watersports Centers . Latest photos by members. Photos of Afandou by Greeka.com. Google map of Afandou. Village. Rate and Comment. Do you like our website? Make it better with your rate and comment! Login with your email, Facebook or Twitter account!. Thanks for your rating!

. Your mission is to provide consultations to inbound leads and convert them into Ezra members. You are at the forefront of helping all men detect prostate cancer early.. As an Inside Sales Representative at Ezra, you will:. Who you are. An Inside Sale Representative with - years of experience. You are hungry for success. You're passionate about sales and love engaging with customers. You're very comfortable speaking on the phone to prospective clients. You have excellent communication skills and energy. Lastly, you're a compassionate individual, who understands the importance of displaying empathy, as you will talk to people about their sensitive and trying health matters.. Key requirements. Whats in it for you?. As an Inside Sales Representative at Ezra, you have the opportunity to be an early employee and part of an all-star team focused on early detection of cancer for everyone..

With our services we provide support from the planning phase through to and beyond the completion and, together with you we create individual, comprehensive and cost-effective project solutions.. Our planning tools make it even easier for you to integrate our products into your planning.. Together with you we develop new solutions. Our wide range of proven products and the scope of our business interests help us with this.. Based on installation situations and installation instructions, the planning aid for concrete joints offers practical solutions for working joints, controlled crack joints and expansion joints as well as functional joints.. The Egcobox software supports you with an intuitive interface and a wide range of functions for the design of the Egcobox cantilever connectors..

One-Day Only Thank You Thursday Sale. October , 3. Stampin' Up! is sure celebrating their th Anniversary this week big time. It was  years ago on Oct. th this amazing company was started, and you get to reap the benefits with so much on sale at  off. Remember when you order on line you will qualify for my loyalty program, so make sure you check that out so you will start earning free product right away.

Ok so on . I had used the route changer and it worked great. I had portal installed and had that set to domain.com and then I changed the Forum part to route to forums.... I know that the . has its own so I disabled  removed the route changer and figure that I would re-setup the same routes in the new version. This sadly did not work. The route will also not let me put just a    for the  part. Can anyone help me get the Portal be the HOME page with the defualt domain.com no portal after the slash and have forums go to domain.comforums Here is what I am currently stuck with: Red is current URL ... the BLUE is what I need them to be Settings:

The other day, one of the buddies of Governor Doug Cup or Waffle Cone Ducey was quoted as saying that Arizona needed to get rid of Common Core and instead institute Arizona standards for education.. What makes this so funny is that Arizona has no education standards. We've proved this for many years now. Many of our elected officials are proud of this fact. Indeed, they run on a promise of maintaining it. And since they continue to be elected and re-elected, the typical Arizona voter must agree with them.. We also have no standards for political candidates. We prove this on a daily, if not hourly, basis, too.. Obviously, these two missing standards go hand in , . Today's Chuckle

VIDEO How to Improve PPC CampaignsWritten by Pace Lattin. September 3, 3  : am  Expert Guides, Specials . Great article I agree with all of the above. Only bit Id add is a clear focus on the call to action itself. A PPC or Pay-per-action campaign can be great tools, but the action itself better be something that converts those leads into customers or youre still going to see that high bounce rate.. Particularly liked the competitor idea, I hadnt thought of that strategy in the Adwords environment.. The pay per click PPCis an form of online marketing which plays a best role in the promotion of online business. No doubt the ppc is a cost increasing factor, but by using this media the desired task regarding online business promotion is easy to get.. mobiespion recently posted..Marketers vs. Developers in a Tug of War

 favorite poem of all time. Having spent the first  years of my life living under a rock in regards to world knowledge, this was such an ideal vision for me. I finally got to put a little bit of it to my life when I moved to Vermont. I continue to be inspired by it, and emulate its vision in my own life.

Oxfams new report, Reward Work, Not Wealth, reveals how the global economy enables the wealthy elite to capture vast wealth while hundreds of millions of people struggle to survive on poverty pay.. Eighty two percent of the wealth generated last year went to the richest one percent of the global population, while the 3. billion people who make up the poorest half of the world saw no increase in their wealth. This research includes the stunning new finding that the economy created a new billionaire every other day over a period of one year. The report is being released as political and business elites, including President Trump, are heading to Davos, Switzerland for the World Economic Forum..  as Reward Work, Not Wealth.

Mechanism of the inhibitory action of linoleic acid on the growth of Staphylococcus aureus.
Linoleic acid, but not stearic acid, inhibited the growth of Staphylococcus aureus NCTC 3. Growth inhibition was associated with an increase in the permeability of the bacterial membrane. The presence of a plasmid conferring resistance to penicillin PC plasmid, e.g. pIblaI- increased the growth inhibitory and membrane permeability effects of linoleic acid. Under growth inhibitory conditions, linoleic acid was incorporated into the lipid of both PC plasmid-containing and PC plasmid-negative bacteria and there was little difference between these cultures in the uptake or fate of linoleic acid. Experiments using a glycerol auxotroph of S. aureus suggested that free linoleic acid, rather than lipid containing this acid, inhibits growth. Linoleic acid probably inhibits growth by increasing the permeability of the bacterial membrane as a result of its surfactant action, and the presence of the PC plasmid increases these effects.

Effect of processing parameters on the electrophoretic deposition of carbon black nanoparticles in moderately viscous systems.
Polymer-melt-based manufacturing processes for nanostructures offer high-rate, environmentally friendly, and commercially viable alternatives to solution-based methods. In this work, electrophoresis of a model carbon black and polystyrene system with moderate viscosity was used to investigate the viability of adapting nanoassembly processes to the high viscosity environment of polymer melts. The presence of polystyrene did not prevent deposition of carbon black, but deposition rates decreased at shorter deposition times; deposition was not linear with increasing applied voltage; and greater solution concentrations reduced the critical voltages i.e., the voltage at which the rate of deposition changed. X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy XPS results and comparison of experimental data with Hamaker's model showed that about . of the available polystyrene was initially deposited with the carbon black. At voltages above the critical voltage, the deposited mass was less than the Hamaker prediction, indicating the formation of electrically insulating layers on the electrodes. The overall behavior suggests that polymer melt-based processes could be employed for high-rate fabrication of nano-optical devices, biochemical sensors, and nanoelectronics.

PAWS FOR THOUGHT:. We believe that training your dog should be fun. That's why we use a combination of both positive reward based and concept games based training methods to achieve real life results. If you want to develop a strong and rewarding relationship with your dog, then let us show you how much fun training can be!. Our  dog training centres offer a wide range of dog training classes including Puppy Preschool, Beginner and Intermediate Obedience Levels, Tricks, Scent Detection, Rally Obedience, and Freestyle Obedience. Two locations to serve you - Ajax and Toronto!. We also offer Private dog training at our Ajax training centre. Please click on the dog training CLASSES tab for information on both our group and private dog training classes. Online Video Courses and Consultations.

Categories. Archives. Syndication. In this weeks episode, I engage in an epic, manic conversation about the creative appeal and history of comic books and superhero storytelling with Patrick Hawkins.. TEXTS DISCUSSED. Four important panels that John came across early in his reading life:. from The Incredible Hulk .. NOTES 'come.. In this weeks episode, I share a recording of a live event featuring Boris Fishman reading from his novel, A Replacement Life. and your humble host reading poetry.. Texts Discussed. Read the New Yorker profile of Merle Haggard here.. In this weeks episode, I catch up with Lisa Roney, who has just released her creative writing textbook, Serious Daring, and a poetry chapbook, The Best Possible Bad Luck,. plus, Liz Haberkorn writes about Kurt Vonnegut's Slaughterhouse Five, starvation, and eating disorders.. Rest in peace, Michael Brachfeld.

By Amrit Hallan. Why is SEO Copywriting important? How can SEO copywriting improve your websites ranking?.. Before we have a deep insight into how SEO copywriting can improve your sites ranking, lets have a very brief explanation of exactly what is SEO copywriting. In simple words,.. Although the ranking procedure is quite complex and makes use of numerous parameters, one important factor is how your pages are spidered or crawled sounds creepy, isnt it?... If SEO copywriting is all about getting ranked higher, then what about your visitors, the humans who will actually do business with you and give you money? Herein lies the real importance of SEO copywriting.. As an SEO copywriter always focus first on creating content useful for online users and not for gaining higher search engine rankings. SEO copywriting because in the name of relevant content they provide nothing. Want to rank well? Want to convert leads into customers? Then you need SEO copywriting.. Here are the main points quickly revis

Etiquette. Etiquette is the study of the soft skills seldom taught in schools: it begins with introductions and home safety and culminates in dining skills. Confidence in etiquette instills grace and self-assuredness.. Ballet.. The Academy offers two separate areas of study: Etiquette for children, and our unique ballet and etiquette curriculum designed for the preschooler.. Sara Vizcarrondo, Founder & President.

.. Mirum is a new company created with a pioneering spirit, built by bringing together successful regional companies that have a deep understanding of local market needs.. Using Drupal as the backbone we build easy-to-use websites and intranets focusing on reliability and stability.. Penceo Sport is a Switzerland-based, international agency dedicated to web design, web development, event management, communication and branding in the world of sport... ScienceSoft is an international software development company with operations in the USA, Europe and South-Eastern Asia.. Sogeti is a leading provider of professional technology services, specializing in Application Management, Infrastructure Management and Testing.. At a glance, Symbio helps innovative companies create truly great technology products.. Drupal is a registered trademark of Dries Buytaert.

Something familiar - I hope. The grid produced by Romek Marber for the standard penguin paperback jacket. Consistency and an underlying structure are the watchwords for the book project. Marber's grid was the skeleton for hundreds of book jackets it enabled variety and diversity whilst maintaining a visualbranded consistency that made the appreciation of difference all the more acute - arguably the grid creates opportunity for the IllustratorDesigner. So thinking about a 'system' for the book products when considering option  bear in mind that a visual structure, like the underlying grid, gives you a certain secure freedom.

Because salmon is packed with so much protein, it is extremely easy to digest and only takes about  hours to do so. There are other types of seafood such as shrimp and calamari which can take up to  hours to digest and they are considered to be the heavy types of seafood.. Red meat can also take a long time to go through the digestive tract which is why it shouldnt be consumed on a regular basis but rather in moderation. There are a number of great things about salmon, including the high amount of omega-3 fatty acids in it which can do all sorts of great things for the brain.

In addition to nursing facilities, other care choices exist for. individuals seeking care services for seniors. The following are. alternative choices to the long-term care services provided by. nursing facilities.. Adult Day Care. Supportive Services In A Protected Environment. Home Care. Hospice. Missouri Care Options. Program: In-home services. Home and Community Long-Term Care Services. Respite Care. Alzheimer's Special Care Unit

ENVIRONMENT Agency Wales has launched a Catchment Abstraction Management Strategy for the Tywi, Taf and Gwendraeth river catchments.. The document will help business and individuals to investigate water resources before applying for an abstraction licence and will enable sustainable management of water resources in the three rivers over the next six years.. Elizabeth James, agency Cams officer, said, It is important to protect these vital resources.. The strategy and consultation documents are available on the website. Paper copies are available from Elizabeth James, 3 33 or email cams.walessouthwestenvironmentagency.gov.uk.

News.  Decorating Tricks to Brighten a Dark Room  BY HOUZZ. If youre looking to brighten up a room that feels more like a cave or even just a little on the dim side, try this mix of beginner tips and advanced ideas for bringing in more light and maximizing what you already have.. black chairs, or long floor lamps, sharp picture frames or patterned fabrics for the right dose of darkness... . Embrace blond woods. Including some elements of pale woods can really lighten up and liven up a space. Throw in a plant and the room will feel more naturally sunny even without any new light sources... by

Patient Portal. A special part of becoming a patient at Naturkur Wellness Center is enrollment into our patient wellness portal and Online Digital Health Guidance System. This provides the best support available  for all of our health programs and convenient, secure interaction with our providers and staff. Track your calories, upload before and after photos, keep a symptom journal, get healthy recipes specific to your health goals, receive daily emails or texts with your program instructions for the day, and private message your Personal Transformation Coach or the physician and other staff members.

The pick-up sensors are characterised by extreme long life due to their non-contacting and therefore almost wear-free mode of operation. Measurements are carried out by scanning a gear tooth or pulse wheel. The speed sensor is placed at a particular distance above the wheel.. Pick-up sensors use the Hall effect to capture driving speed. Rotational direction can also be determined. Two Hall elements are arranged in a relative geometrical position to one another within the pick-up sensor so that both revolution and rotational direction can be determined. The output levels of both receivable signals, galvanically separated from each other, are processed for a wide range of supply voltages.

Milyika Carroll

Milyika Carroll born , also known as Alison Carroll, Alison Milyika Carroll, or Windlass Carroll, is an Aboriginal Australian artist. She is also a community leader on the Aangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands in South Australia.

Life
Milyika was born in , in Ernabella, northwest South Australia. At that time, it was a Presbyterian mission for Aboriginal people. After finishing primary school here, she went to high school in Alice Springs, at Saint Philips College and Yirara College. She moved back to Ernabella after finishing school. She briefly worked at the community's craft centre, making hand-painted bookmarks and gift cards. She also learned to use batik methods, which had been introduced to the community in .

After about one or two years of working at the craft centre, Carroll decided to become a health worker. She did her training in Adelaide, and then went back to Ernabella to work in the clinic. She still worked at the craft centre sometimes, learning under her mother.

Carroll is married to Pepai Carroll, and they have five children.

Community work
Carroll has been involved in the administration of Ernabella Arts for several years. She served as its chairperson from  to 3, as its manager from  to , and then as chairperson again from  to . She was also the chairperson of Aanguku Arts and Culture Aboriginal Corporation from  to , and then became its director. Aanguku Arts is the organisation that coordinates and supports development of the art economy on the Aangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara APY Lands. Her husband Pepai has also served as the organisation's chairman.

In April , Carroll was chosen to attend the Australia  Summit in Canberra, where she and Makinti Minutjukur represented the APY communities. She has since been involved in school administration in Ernabella, including serving as the chairwoman of the Governing Council of Ernabella Aangu School since .

Artwork
Carroll is known for painting, printmaking, batik, ceramic and textile works. She uses several printmaking methods, including lithographs, etchings and screen printing. Her painted designs are called , which are designs and symbols that mean something to her. They represent her identity and her own view of the world, and are associated with her family's Dreaming legends. The designs are abstract, and come from ancient ceremonial designs historically painted on the body or rock.

Carroll has had her works held in many public and private galleries both in Australia and other countries. Example of her batik works are held in the Powerhouse Museum in Sydney, the State Library of South Australia in Adelaide, and the British Museum. The National Museum of Australia and the National Gallery of Australia both contain multiple examples of Carroll's printings, etchings, batik works, and textile paintings.

One of her earliest works, a painting done on paper, was chosen as one of the finalists for the first National Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Art Award in . In , Carroll's uncle, Dickie Minyintiri, became one of the oldest people to win the award.

Recognition
Carroll won the Premiers Award for Lifetime Achievement at the South Australian Ruby Awards in .

References

External links
Alison Caroll at Design and Art Australia Online
Alison Carroll at Prints and Printmaking

Category: births
Category:Living people
Category:Australian painters
Category:Australian women painters
Category:Indigenous Australian artists
Category:Artists from South Australia
Category:Pitjantjatjara
Category:Textile artists
Category:Women printmakers
Category:Australian printmakers
Category:Australian ceramists
Category:Women textile artists
Category:Australian women ceramists

This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience. Learn more. He could drill a regiment, build a frigate, administer a province, and decapitate a rebel with equal facility.. Use Simple Language - While it might seem cool to use words like Decapitate! in your cheer when you're in the planning stages, it might be harder to get the whole crowd to say that word together when you're trying to lead them in a chant.. decapitate a man.. Even when I accidentally decapitate the artichokes he continues twirling around the various ovens, smiling and dishing out orders.. decapitate showed that he didn't consider the game to be a friendly by nearly decapitating an OFK player three minutes later.. Keep track of your favorite words by signing in with Google

The Rhode Island Resource Recovery Corporation RIRRC was awarded a gold medal in the Solid Waste Association of North Americas SWANA 3 Excellence Awards for their retrofitted Materials Recycling Facility Tuesday in Long Beach, Calif. The award was for the national competition in the Recycling Systems category and the quasi-public organization was honored at SWANAs WASTECON conference.

It means a lot to us, said RIRRC Executive Director Michael OConnell, adding that SWANA is the premiere association in the country and this is considered the best award one can receive. Its not a small task. Were really happy about it.

According to a press release from SWANA, awards recognize outstanding solid waste programs and facilities that advance the practice of environmentally and economically sound solid waste management through their commitment to utilizing effective technologies and processes in system design and operations, advancing worker and community health and safety, and implementing successful public education and out reach programs. In order to win awards, programs must also be fiscally and environmentally responsible.

RIRRC entered the competition in May, providing great detail about their new facility. Beginning in fall , the process began to transition the facility from a dual stream system to a highly automated and efficient  tons per hour single stream facility.

It allows us to separate plastics we couldnt separate before, said OConnell about the new facility, which was completed in spring  and just finished its first fiscal year of operation.

OConnell believes they won the award because it was a large task to complete, they remained operational during the retrofitting and the project was completed with no issue.

Ive never seen something so complex turn on and be able to work properly, said OConnell about the retrofitting of the facility. We were not only able to fund this internally without taxpayers funding, we were also on time, on budget and meeting all of the special requirements.

OConnell also said the size of the Johnston-based operation could play a part in its success.

Were a big facility, said OConnell, adding he believes the RIRRC facility is one of the biggest in the world, processing almost , tons of materials each year. The property is , acres and the facility serves nearly . million Rhode Islanders.

The retrofitting of the ,-square-foot Materials Recycling Facility was also cost-effective. An evaluation was completed prior to the transition to determine what equipment could be re-purposed, which reduced the cost and maximized the investment. OConnell said the $. million cost of the project was funded internally.

We had been saving and planning for a number of years, said OConnell.

According to their application, by refitting the existing building and not starting from the ground up, the proposed cost was cut in half.

OConnell also pointed out that the single stream system has proven incredibly successful and the tonnage went up  percent in FY3 after the system became operational. According to their application to SWANA, baled product shipments have increased by  percent because of more materials coming in, lower loss of recyclable to residue and continuous inbound tonnage increases.

Its considered easier for consumers because they dont have to separate recyclables. Its also easier for businesses because they only need one dumpster, said OConnell. The message to the consumer is to make it simple.

He added that the simplicity of using a single stream system would lead to continuous increases in recycling across the state over the years.

This is really the way everyones been going, said OConnell of the single stream system.

OConnell added that communities that have made the move over to the automated system with the larger receptacles have seen an increase of  to  percent in recycled materials.

The application also states that the facility has seen improved performance in all areas including improved product quality, operational efficiency, reliability, diversion and safety.

Updates were also made to the education center to reflect the transition to the new system. One feature is a virtual tour featuring  flat screen monitors with videos detailing the steps in the recycling process.

I think if you came in and saw it, it would speak for itself, said OConnell.

Former midfielder Mohamed Aboutrika was voted the greatest player in Egyptian history in a FIFA poll, overcoming the likes of Mohamed Salah, Mahmoud Al-Khateeb, and Hossam Hassan.. Aboutrika topped the poll with a sweeping  percent, followed by Salah taking 3 percent of the votes. Khateeb gathered  percent of the votes, while Hassan took  percent.. Aboutrika, now retired, led Egypts national team for nearly a decade and is widely considered to be the most admired Egyptian player in his generation.. During his career, Aboutrika plates for Al-Ahly, and led the team to five CAF Champions League trophies. The club also won the Egyptian League five times and the Egyptian Cup twice with him on the team.. Aboutrika is currently resides in Qatar. He was accused in  of funding the banned Muslim Brotherhood, which Egypts government designated as a terrorist organization.. In , a government committee which was established to seize and manage Brotherhood properties and funds froze Aboutrikas assets.

There are many situations in which businesses request information from suppliers, customers and potential customers, for example to obtain contact details, to understand customer requirements to enable targeted marketing, or to obtain feedback on existing services so that improvements can be made. Electronic forms may be completed and sent on-line to a business when ordering products and services, or to provide requested information. There are problems associated with the use of electronic forms, and each of the other known ways of obtaining requested information also has problems.
A service provider or product manufacturer may publish an order form on their Web site to enable customers to order products and services. Hyperlinks to the order form may be provided within other Web pages, or the URL for accessing the form may be published in a magazine or newspaper. A potential customer can navigate to the location of the form on the Web and then fill in the form on-line or download the form over the network for later completion. A reliable network connection is necessary for accessing and submitting on-line forms. Users of bandwidth-limited wireless devices are often reluctant to spend time navigating through a Web site to find the appropriate form, and so any requirement to locate a form via a network reduces the number of people completing the form. If storage space is limited, the device user may also be reluctant to save multiple forms onto their device. Any requirement for users to manually enter long URLs introduces the likelihood of errors.
Another option is for a corporation to transmit a form to their customers' mobile telephones or other devices when requesting information. A number of projects have proposed specifications and languages for Web-based forms such as the W3C's XForms, the Extensible Forms Description Language XFDL, the Form Automation Markup Language FAML and Wireless Markup Language WML forms and some are compatible with low-bandwidth devices with a small user interface. Forms have the advantage of controlling the format in which data is entered and hence limiting the scope for user errors when entering data.
However, a broadcast solution has the problem that the form may be received correctly only by a subset of the target audience such as, in the case of WML, users of WAP-compliant telephones that are currently switched on and accessible via the network. Even if correctly received, the recipients may still choose not to save the forms onto their devices, for example because the recipient has no interest in the form at the time they receive it, and possibly also because of concerns about wasting storage or unwillingness to incur the costs and delays of communicating with a WAP server. If a form is imposed on a mobile device user at a time when it is not convenient to complete the form, there is a high likelihood that the form will be deleted. There is a need for data collection methods which are very convenient for end users to increase the proportion of end users willing to participate.
Some corporations have attempted to collect information from potential customers via Short Message Service SMS text messaging. SMS messaging has the advantages of convenience and low cost, and the possibility of asynchronous message delivery by telecommunication network providers gives scalability and a degree of reliability of communications. A corporation running a competition or advertisement may invite competitors to submit entries by text messaging for these reasons, or a corporation may wish to target advertisements at young people who often use text messaging extensively. For example, television broadcasting corporations sometimes invite viewers to use SMS messaging to vote on the outcome of a program, hoping to boost ratings by encouraging a sense of audience participation.
However, errors often arise because text messaging users fail to comply with the data format requirements of the data requester. A corporation may require responses from its customers in a particular format to enable accurate automated addition of responses to a database, and so the corporation may provide format instructions. For example, spaces between a customer's answers and commas between sections of the customer's address may be treated as delimiters within a transmitted data string that are used to control how the information within a response is entered into the corporation's database. A great many users fail to follow the instructions correctly and either enter their information incorrectly or give up because of the effort involved. These issues, and the limited screen size of many mobile devices, mean that the information requester may not solve the problem by publishing detailed instructions.
Let us assume that a corporation requires address details to be entered in a format such as number street name, district, city, postcode or zip code, country, to enable the information to be automatically entered into the correct database fields. However, the address  Belvue Road, Chariton, Southampton, SO 3YT, UK is entered by a user as , Belvue Road, Chariton, Southampton SO 3YT, UK. In the absence of address validation and automatic correction, the address may be interpreted as follows:
number and street name  district  Belvue Roadcity  Charltonpostcode  ERRORcountry  UK
The example shows how minor errors in data entry can result in database errors or input data being rejected as invalid. In this example, the ERROR message appears if Southampton SO 3YT is recognized as an invalid post code but is not automatically corrected. This example is representative of a very common problem for corporations wishing to obtain information via text messaging. The combination of formatting errors and users' reluctance to invest much time and effort typically results in a much smaller number of valid responses than the data-requesting corporation hoped for.

In the last 3 years, Ceder Capital has acquired  company.. Ceder Capitals most common sectors for investment are internet software and services  and real estate . The Firms most common investment types include buyout lbo, mbo, mbi . In total, Ceder Capital has invested in  different countries.. In the last 3 years, Ceder Capital has exited  company. The Firms most common exit type is secondary buyout .. Join Mergr to view Ceder Capitals full profile and discover more small private equity firms just like it.. Ceder Capital is a private investment firm focused on acquiring profitable Swedish companies with  SEK to 3 SEK million of revenue. Ceder Capital was formed in 3 and is headquartered in Stockholm.. Private Equity. Small. 3. Generalist. Team Member. Team Member. Team Member. Team Member. Join Mergr to view the latest updates and news from C.

Weekend reading: a State of Politics article about proposed legislation for a WPA-style jobs program in New York State. Jeremy Cohan recently sent along a short article from State of Politics about a recent bill introduced by New York State Assemblywoman Pat Fahy, aimed at helping Millennials laid off from their jobs due to the COVID- shutdown. The legislation would create a new WPA-style program that would provide employment in fields like contact tracing, conservation and climate mitigation. In the article, Fahy says:. Nearly one-third of those under 3 are out of work with the majority in low-wage, retail sector, or gig-economy jobs  Creating the WPA-PR would provide young New Yorkers with good-paying jobs in the creative economy and bolster the states arts and cultural institutions. A bold investment like the WPA-PR would help create and train a new state green workforce, build clean-energy infrastructure, and reinvigorate the promise of the American Dream in NY.. You can read the rest here.

Water. While step-by-step instructions are included for some flower varieties, most projects offer inspiration and tips that allow for personalization using mixed-media techniques, as opposed to a specific template to follow. You can learn to stamp, use tissue paper, create monograms, and collage using the gorgeous artwork and instructions in this book.. Colorways is a.. Author: Bley Hack. Measures: . x . x .. Pages: . ISBN: 333

Details & Care. Have the fashionable Girls sandals added to the collection of your kids. The cute and designer red colored kids sandals come with beautifully embellished straps consisting of pearls and diamonds. Shop online in India these glamorous pair of footwear for children which are extremely soft and comfortable.. Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought. Shop Online Orange Rectangle Hair Clip with White Dots for Infant Girls. Regular Price: . Special Price . -. -

Price Adjustment within a Framework of Symmetric Oligopoly. An Analysis of Pricing in 3 U.S. Manufacturing Industries -. AbstractThis paper is concerned with the generation and testing of predictions on price adjustment from a model of symmetric oligopoly. Two types of industry demand regimes are considered, linear and iso-elastic. It is shown that these can be distinguished by a simple test, and linear demand is given strong support. It is then shown that the industry conjectural variation may be treated as a function whose properties can be established by non-linear estimation of the price adjustment 3.. Length:  pagesLength:  pages. Date of creation: . Date of revision:. Handle: RePEc:wrk:warwec:3:3..

Tracking the books in your library, whether for pleasure or work, is much easier when you have an application that can help you do that efficiently and easily. Thatis ability to accurately autofill an entry for me by scanning mass market printings of George Orwellis Animal Farm, and William Goldingit always accurate because minor variations in an authorit your style, you can edit the reminder to say whatever you want.. The Bottom Line. Managing your book collection with Bookpedia is easy to do. Set up is painless, and if your data is already in another application like Delicious Library, there wonit be any data re-entry, either. With the extensive list of online databases Bookpedia can reference when adding new books, you are also less likely to have to manually enter information. This app is a great option for personal libraries, work, and students.. Log in to comment TMO, Twitter or Facebook or Register for a TMO account

Mother's Ruin: A Cabaret about Gin InvernessTheatre. -. -. Equal parts historical and hysterical; lose yourself among sailors, barmaids and bootleggers in this darkly comic cabaret. A raucous journey through the history of gin, that is not only vocally sublime but a stroke of comedy genius TheatrePress.com.au.. With true tales from th-century London, a few New York speakeasies, the Australian bush and the jungles of Peru, Mothers Ruin features songs by Amy Winehouse, Nina Simone, Martha Wainwright and more.. As well as demonstrating their talents across an impressive range of musical registers, Marsden and Wood maintain a spot-on balance of larky humour, bolshy political consciousness, palpable passion for their subject and sheer joie de vivre. Well worth raising a glass to.  THE SCOTSMAN. Its not common to see a cabaret where the schtick is as good as the sound, and Mother's Ruin was a rare gem of cabaret gold.  EDINBURGH GUIDE

 Years' Solved Papers3- : AIIMS MBBS Entrance Exam. MBBS Entrance Examination conducted by All India Institutes of Medical Sciences AIIMS is lifetime opportunity for students to pursue higher education at one of the sought after institutes of public medical colleges in India. The institute aims to inculcate in its students the qualities of research and service. Many pioneers who graduated from AIIMS have rendered great contribution in the development of medical science. But since the seats are limited, MBBS AIIMS is a hard nut to crack.. Previous Years Solved Papers AIIMS is a perfect practice tool for the aspirants of the Exam. These Solved Papers provide an in-depth insight into the trends and pattern of the various types of questions asked in the exam. All the answers given in the book are authentic and presented in comprehensive manner for conceptual understanding. With thorough practice of these solved papers, candidates can feel confident of success.

Published th June . Improvements in NDIS pricing following an annual price review and initiatives to assist with employment opportunities have been announced ahead of new market settings that become effective on July .. Updates to the NDIS Price Guide follows consultation with participants, providers and the wider disability sector, as part of the - Price Review.. NDIS Minister Stuart Robert said the initiatives included in the Price Guide and Support Catalogue are intended to help people with a disability find employment and support people with psychosocial disability to achieve their goals.. To read the full article, please visit the Freedom  Live website.. Source:Kymberly Martin, , FreedomLive . Reads . Downloads -. Back

RECALL: Chunky Monkey Among Two Flavors With Possible Allergen. A consumer goods company based in London has issued a U.S. recall of two types of Ben & Jerry's Ice Cream.. Unilever has recalled Ben & Jerry's Coconut Seven Layer Bar and Chunky Monkey Ice Cream flavors as of April , according to an announcement on the U.S. Food and Drug Administration website. The recall is of the . gallon tubs of the Coconut Seven Layer Bar, and the pint-sized containers of Chunky Monkey.. The decision to pull the products was based on the discovery of potentially undeclared tree nuts on the packaging, which could potentially result in a life-threatening allergic reaction. UPC codes, and other specific information pertaining to the items recalled, can be found on the FDA website.. No reports of illnesses as of yet have been made public. The recalled ice cream brands are commonly found in stores across the country. For more information on the Ben & Jerry's recall, consumers can call 33-3-3.

Electrical connections between an integrated circuit device formed at one substrate and another integrated circuit device formed at a different substrate can be achieved by stacking one of the integrated circuit devices on top of the other backside-to-frontside to create a ledge at the bottom device. When stacked in this manner, wire bonds can be formed between interconnects at the ledge of the bottom integrated circuit device to interconnects at the top integrated circuit device or at an underlying substrate, such as a package substrate. Alternatively, direct face-to-face flip-chip bonding between two integrated circuit devices can be achieved by forming conductive bumps at one of the devices, and bonding the devices together face-to-face. In yet another embodiment, direct back-to-front bonding between two integrated circuits can be achieved by forming through-wafer vias that include conductive bumps at the back-side of one of the devices and bonding the devices back-to-front. Current practices of forming through-wafer vias include forming a metal plug surrounded by an insulating layer through the substrate of the integrated circuit, whereby the insulating layer isolates the metal plug from the surrounding semiconductor substrate material. During operation a signal is provided between the backside of the integrated circuit's substrate to a frontside of the substrate through the metal plug. Forming metal through-wafer vias such as these can require a number of difficult processes, and create material miss-match stresses that can damage a single crystal substrate, especially when elevated temperature are used subsequent to formation of device structures at the frontside of the integrated circuit. Therefore, a device and method overcoming these issues would be useful.

ABOUT PATTIE. From an unique childhood in Kenya to her years as a supermodel in the s and s, Pattie Boyds immersion into the British music scene was sparked by meeting and marrying George Harrison and subsequently Eric Clapton. Pattie moved past hurdles and heartbreaks to an existence based around her creativity. Her extraordinary life is documented in her fine art photographs and autobiography Wonderful Tonight.

data  
'Kay ',     x
'Kayng ',     x
'Ke ',     x
'Ko ',     x3
'Kol ',     x
'Koc ',     x
'Kwi ',     x
'Kwi ',     x
'Kyun ',     x
'Kul ',     x
'Kum ',     xa
'Na ',     xb
'Na ',     xc
'Na ',     xd
'La ',     xe
'Na ',     xf
'Na ',     x
'Na ',     x
'Na ',     x
'Na ',     x3
'Nak ',     x
'Nak ',     x
'Nak ',     x
'Nak ',     x
'Nak ',     x
'Nak ',     x
'Nak ',     xa
'Nan ',     xb
'Nan ',     xc
'Nan ',     xd
'Nan ',     xe
'Nan ',     xf
'Nan ',     x
'Nam ',     x
'Nam ',     x
'Nam ',     x3
'Nam ',     x
'Nap ',     x
'Nap ',     x
'Nap ',     x
'Nang ',     x
'Nang ',     x
'Nang ',     xa
'Nang ',     xb
'Nang ',     xc
'Nay ',     xd
'Nayng ',     xe
'No ',     xf
'No ',     x3
'No ',     x3
'No ',     x3
'No ',     x33
'No ',     x3
'No ',     x3
'No ',     x3
'No ',     x3
'No ',     x3
'No ',     x3
'No ',     x3a
'Nok ',     x3b
'Nok ',     x3c
'Nok ',     x3d
'Nok ',     x3e
'Nok ',     x3f
'Nok ',     x
'Non ',     x
'Nong ',     x
'Nong ',     x3
'Nong ',     x
'Nong ',     x
'Noy ',     x
'Noy ',     x
'Noy ',     x
'Noy ',     x
'Nwu ',     xa
'Nwu ',     xb
'Nwu ',     xc
'Nwu ',     xd
'Nwu ',     xe
'Nwu ',     xf
'Nwu ',     x
'Nwu ',     x
'Nuk ',     x
'Nuk ',     x3
'Num ',     x
'Nung ',     x
'Nung ',     x
'Nung ',     x
'Nung ',     x
'Nung ',     x
'Twu ',     xa
'La ',     xb
'Lak ',     xc
'Lak ',     xd
'Lan ',     xe
'Lyeng ',     xf
'Lo ',     x
'Lyul ',     x
'Li ',     x
'Pey ',     x3
'Pen ',     x
'Pyen ',     x
'Pwu ',     x
'Pwul ',     x
'Pi ',     x
'Sak ',     x
'Sak ',     xa
'Sam ',     xb
'Sayk ',     xc
'Sayng ',     xd
'Sep ',     xe
'Sey ',     xf
'Sway ',     x
'Sin ',     x
'Sim ',     x
'Sip ',     x3
'Ya ',     x
'Yak ',     x
'Yak ',     x
'Yang ',     x
'Yang ',     x
'Yang ',     x
'Yang ',     xa
'Yang ',     xb
'Yang ',     xc
'Yang ',     xd
'Yang ',     xe
'Ye ',     xf
'Ye ',     x
'Ye ',     x
'Ye ',     x
'Ye ',     x3
'Ye ',     x
'Ye ',     x
'Ye ',     x
'Ye ',     x
'Ye ',     x
'Ye ',     x
'Yek ',     xa
'Yek ',     xb
'Yek ',     xc
'Yek ',     xd
'Yen ',     xe
'Yen ',     xf
'Yen ',     x
'Yen ',     x
'Yen ',     x
'Yen ',     x3
'Yen ',     x
'Yen ',     x
'Yen ',     x
'Yen ',     x
'Yen ',     x
'Yen ',     x
'Yen ',     xa
'Yen ',     xb
'Yel ',     xc
'Yel ',     xd
'Yel ',     xe
'Yel ',     xf
'Yel ',     xa
'Yel ',     xa
'Yem ',     xa
'Yem ',     xa3
'Yem ',     xa
'Yem ',     xa
'Yem ',     xa
'Yep ',     xa
'Yeng ',     xa
'Yeng ',     xa
'Yeng ',     xaa
'Yeng ',     xab
'Yeng ',     xac
'Yeng ',     xad
'Yeng ',     xae
'Yeng ',     xaf
'Yeng ',     xb
'Yeng ',     xb
'Yeng ',     xb
'Yeng ',     xb3
'Yeng ',     xb
'Yey ',     xb
'Yey ',     xb
'Yey ',     xb
'Yey ',     xb
'O ',     xb
'Yo ',     xba
'Yo ',     xbb
'Yo ',     xbc
'Yo ',     xbd
'Yo ',     xbe
'Yo ',     xbf
'Yo ',     xc
'Yo ',     xc
'Yo ',     xc
'Yo ',     xc3
'Yong ',     xc
'Wun ',     xc
'Wen ',     xc
'Yu ',     xc
'Yu ',     xc
'Yu ',     xc
'Yu ',     xca
'Yu ',     xcb
'Yu ',     xcc
'Yu ',     xcd
'Yu ',     xce
'Yu ',     xcf
'Yu ',     xd
'Yuk ',     xd
'Yuk ',     xd
'Yuk ',     xd3
'Yun ',     xd
'Yun ',     xd
'Yun ',     xd
'Yun ',     xd
'Yul ',     xd
'Yul ',     xd
'Yul ',     xda
'Yul ',     xdb
'Yung ',     xdc
'I ',     xdd
'I ',     xde
'I ',     xdf
'I ',     xe
'I ',     xe
'I ',     xe
'I ',     xe3
'I ',     xe
'I ',     xe
'I ',     xe
'I ',     xe
'I ',     xe
'I ',     xe
'I ',     xea
'Ik ',     xeb
'Ik ',     xec
'In ',     xed
'In ',     xee
'In ',     xef
'In ',     xf
'In ',     xf
'In ',     xf
'In ',     xf3
'Im ',     xf
'Im ',     xf
'Im ',     xf
'Ip ',     xf
'Ip ',     xf
'Ip ',     xf
'Cang ',     xfa
'Cek ',     xfb
'Ci ',     xfc
'Cip ',     xfd
'Cha ',     xfe
'Chek ',     xff



Physiotherapist. M.Physio, B.App Sci Exercise & Sports Science. Ash completed his Masters of Physiotherapy at University of Queensland after completing a degree in Exercise and Sport Science in Colorado, USA. The experience and double degree has given Ash a passion and knowledge of exercise-based rehabilitation for musculoskeletal and sporting injuries. Ash is well versed in all areas of client management from acute presentations through to late stage rehabilitation.. Clinical interests include:. - Sports injuries. - Exercise-based rehabilitation. - Dry needling. Ash has a strong sporting background in basketball, playing at the highest level in Australia and NCAA College in America. He is currently a player of the Geelong Supercats Senior SEABL team. He also has great interest in Australian Rules football having played and worked with the Etobicoke Kangaroos in the Ontario Australian Football League Canada, and Rugby Union having worked with the Gold Coast Breakers Queensland.

This is a goat market which is held in Baringo between the th and the th of December every year. It was pioneered and presided over by the late Retired President, His Excellency Hon. Daniel Toroitich Arap Moi in s till late s as way of enhancing the benefits that farmers derive from the Livestock sub-sector, which contributes immensely to food security and the National Gross Domestic Product GDP.. The initiative was revived in 3 by the County Government. The first day of the  two day event comprise of an exciting traditional boat race in Lake Baringo followed in the afternoon by cultural exhibitions from various communities and a youth evening bash at Kimalel grounds.. On the second day, visitors are treated to cultural exhibitions, mbuzi choma while thousands of premium Meat Goats sourced from Baringo farmers are sold to buyers at the Kimalel Goat Auction at Kimalel grounds.

Jos Rodrguez Fuster

Jos Rodrguez Fuster born August  in Villa Clara, Cuba is a Cuban nave artist specializing in ceramics, painting, drawing, engraving, and graphic design.

Career
From 3 he studied at the Escuela Nacional de Instructores de Arte in Havana. As a professional, he was commissary of several exhibitions and was a member of the Cuban Association of artist and craftsmen ACAA.

Individual exhibitions

Fuster did several solo exhibitions of his work, including Acuarelas y dibujos. Alegra de vivir  in , which traveled to several galleries in Havana. Drawings and ceramics was shown in  at the Opera Theater Hall in Bucharest, Romania. In  he presented Acuarelas y Cermicas de Fster at the Galera Espacio Abierto, Revista Revolucin y Cultura, Havana. He presented Oil Paintings by Fster in  in Lyon, France. In  his works were exhibited at The colours of life in The North Wall Gallery, Oxford, England and in  at La Galleria, Pall Mall, London where he presented his ceramics and paintings in 'The colours of Cuba'.

Collective exhibitions
Fuster has participated also in many group shows. In  he was selected for Arte Popular, a show presented by ENIA the National School of Art Instructors, at the Centro de Arte Internacional, Havana. In  the exhibit Cermicas Cubanas was seen at the Museo de Artes Decorativas, Havana. His work was part of Graphics, Photographs, Books and Handcrafts from Cuba, seen in New Delhi, India. In  he was in the Feria Internacional de Artesana. FIART '. PABEXPO in Havana.

Community work

Fuster has made a major contribution over  years of work of rebuilding and decorating the fishing town of Jaimanitas in the outskirts of Havana, where he lives.  Jaimanitas is now a unique work of public art where Fuster has decorated over   houses with ornate murals and domes to suit the personality of his neighbours, he has built a chess park with giant boards and tables, The Artists Wall composed of a quilt of dozens of tiles signed and donated by other Cuban artists, a theatre and public swimming pools.

Nowadays, Fusters art is a cherished part of Cuban culture and joins the rank of other public artworks such as that of Gaudi in Barcelona or that of Brncui in the Romanian city of Targu Jiu. He sponsors this project by the sale of his paintings and ceramics.

Awards
In  Fuster won a prize in ceramics at the IV Saln Nacional Juvenil de Artes Plsticas, held at the Museo Nacional de Bellas Artes de La Habana.

Collections
His pieces can be found in collections at the Center for Cuban Studies, New York; the Museo de la Cermica, Castillo de la Real Fuerza, Havana; and the Museo Nacional de Bellas Artes de La Habana.

References
 Jose Veigas-Zamora, Cristina Vives Gutierrez, Adolfo V. Nodal, Valia Garzon, Dannys Montes de Oca. Memoria: Cuban Art of the th Century. CaliforniaInternational Arts Foundation, . 
 Jose Viegas. Memoria: Artes Visuales Cubanas Del Siglo Xx. California International Arts, 

External links
 Fuster
 Online UK Fuster Gallery Soy Cuba
 Artist finds plenty of room in Castro's Cuba
 Fuster in Facebook
 Cuban Artist Jos Fuster Profiled by Reuters
 Cuba's answer to Gaud by The Guardian
 Jos Rodrguez Fuster : Picasso of the Caribbean brings color to Fusterlandia - By Havana-Cultura

Category:Cuban contemporary artists
Category:Living people
Category: births

S & D Commercial Real Estate Long Island. S & D Real Estate formerly known as Smith & DeGroat Real Estate is a well-established, full-service real estate and property management firm active on Long Island and in the New York Metropolitan area. The firm has been in existence for over fifty years providing quality service for its Nassau County and Suffolk County clientele.. Matthew Smith and the associates of S & D Real Estate have broad experience in commercial real estate and property management. Areas of service include tenant and landlord representation, investment strategy, property acquisition and disposition, and advisory and consulting services. One of the strengths of S & D Real Estate is our ability to evaluate real estate in terms of highest and best use, feasibility and investment performance.. To learn more about S&D Realty and its agents, please view our Company Profile

Delta Risk Named  Secretary of Defense Freedom Award Semifinalist. March , . Delta Risk remains in the running for the prestigious  Secretary of Defense Freedom Award, having made the short list of semifinalists. The Employer Support of the Guard and Reserve ESGR state committees selected Delta Risk as one of  nominees for the  Secretary of Defense Employer Support Freedom Award from a larger list of ,3 nominees.. Delta Risk is honored to be among a group that ranges from large and small businesses, government and commercial organizations, and numerous industries across all U.S. States and territories.. Here is the complete list of semi-finalists in alphabetical order by state. The ESGR will announce the 3 award finalists by March 3.. Share this Post

Nicolet National Bank.  N. th Avenue. Sturgeon Bay, WI 3. -3-. Sturgeon Bay, WI 3. -3-. Visit any of our eight Door County offices, including two in Sturgeon Bay. N th Avenue or 3 W Maple Street. -3-  Nicolet National Bank is a full-service community bank providing commercial and consumer banking to wealth management and retirement plan services. The bank operates branches in Northeast and Central Wisconsin and the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. Nicolet National Bank distinguishes itself by providing unmatched customer service. We offer local, knowledgeable decision-making designed to create long-lasting relationships within the community. Our team understands that the success of Nicolet National Bank depends upon the success of our clients. Equal Housing Lender. Member FDIC.

Intensive cytosine arabinoside therapy in small cell carcinoma of the lung.
Cytosine arabinoside Ara-C  mgmd was given by continuous infusion to patients with small cell carcinoma of the lung in two simultaneous studies. In a first study,  patients who had failed prior therapy were treated with Ara-C alone. No responses were seen in these heavily pretreated patients and toxicity was severe. In a second study, Ara-C was added to the known active combination of cyclophosphamide, adriamycin, and vincristine CAV in  patients with extensive-stage small cell carcinoma with no prior treatment. Despite a clinical response rate of   complete remissions,  partial remissions, the median survival was  days. This aggressive therapy approach produced substantial toxicity and no therapeutic benefit over previous regimens. Continuous infusion Ara-C  mgmd X 3 days used alone, or combined with CAV is not a useful agent for cell carcinoma of the lung.

The etiology of arthrogryposis multiple congenital contracture.
In laboratory animals, prenatal contractures have been induced by viruses, neuromuscular blocking agents, toxins, insecticides, hyperthermia, and limb immobilization. In agricultural animals, prenatal contractures are related to pregnant animals foraging on plants containing toxic alkaloids. Epizootics of prenatal contractures in cattle have been related to Akabane viral infections, which can now be prevented by vaccination. Human arthrogryposis multiple congenital contracture may occur in any synovial joint in a large variety of combinations. Several lethal syndromes commonly associated with prenatal contractures Pena Shokeir  and , Potter's provide supportive evidence for the following concept of prenatal contracture etiology. Evidence is provided that indicates that the following multiple etiologic factors are related to production of human arthrogryposis: mutagenic agents, mitotic abnormalities, toxic chemicals or drugs, hyperthermia, neuromuscular blocking agents, and mechanical immobilization. These multiple factors mediate their effect via the central nervous system craniospinal motor neuraxis, motor end-plates, or by primary degeneration of muscle. The resultant effect is loss of muscle mass with imbalance of muscle power at the joints, which provokes a collagenic response Law of the Connective Tissue. The collagenic response consists of partial replacement of muscle volume and collagenous thickening of the joint capsules. The latter process leads to joint fixation.

I made this on a whim, for a fresh dinner last week. I fell in love and ate the same thing the next day for lunch. Give it a try and add things that you love, there is a ton of room to play with this recipe.. I made this on a whim, for a fresh dinner last week. I fell in love and ate the same thing the next day for lunch. Give it a try and add things that you love, there is a ton of room to play with this recipe... . Today.. Yesterday,.. Inspired by Redditors, I have created this website. For my first post, Ill post my favorite and most demanded.. Haystacks. I will try to pretty up my formatting and get used to writing for a blog as I get better at this. I also have around  or  recipes total so far so I will be adding recipes frequently. Dont forget to bookmark me so you can keep updated.. For this recipe I make my own guacamole, sour cream, salsa, bean mixture, and cheese. I am awesome enough to have included all of that stuff, so you can enjoy this just as much as we do.

Hello Alumni!. If you had an amazing time at MLS, please consider donating towards a student who will be attending MLS in the upcoming year.. Our seminar is offered free of charge to student attendees. However, our Board of Directors and Staff work all year long to raise the $, required to fund the event.. You can help us with this huge burden by donating even just a small amount towards this years seminar. Your donation will go directly to paying for room and board for an ambassador, so they can have an amazing MLS experience just like you.. If you think plenty of people will donate and you dont need to, you are wrong. Any help you can provide goes a long way.. You can donate here: Pledge Page.  MLS

Detailed Rating Scores

Generally satisfactory compliance with statutory obligations and industry codes of recommended practice. Standards are being maintained or improved.

Structure and Cleanliness: 

Generally satisfactory compliance with statutory obligations and industry codes of recommended practice. Standards are being maintained or improved.

Management: 

Satisfactory record of compliance. Access to and use of technical advice either in-house, from trade associations andor from guides to good practice. Understanding of significant hazards and control measures in place. Making satisfactory progress towards a documented food safety management systemprocedures commensurate with type of business. Satisfactory track record.

Note: for detailed scores, lower is better zero is best and higher scores are worse. This is the
opposite way round to the overall rating where higher is better!

Bhattacharya, even when he was most powerful, chose to stay out of the spotlight and had almost managed a successful disappearing act.

Before Robert Vadra, there was Ranjan Bhattacharya, the foster son-in-law of Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee, who reportedly pulled strings from the background while his father-in-law was Prime Minister and managed to evade attention, until Arvind Kejriwal chose to target famous son-in-laws.

Bhattacharya isn't easily described, primarily because he chose to actively shun the spotlight. Married to former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee's foster-daughter, Namita, Bhattacharya even while occupying his seat of power in  Race Course Road maintained a low profile at all times, including while on political tours, something Vadra has found it more difficult to adhere to.

Robert's flamboyance, his Page 3 habits, put him in the firing line of those gunning for the Gandhi family. Ranjan did not exist for Vajpayee enemies, a political observer was quoted as saying in a Times of India report.

A graduate with economics honours from Delhi's Shri Ram College of Commerce, Bhattacharya reportedly met his wife while studying. He then joined the Oberoi Group and became the a general manager of the group's hotel in Srinagar, a Rediff column on Bhattacharya stated.

Bhattacharya reportedly lost both parents while he was still young and it brought him closer to his wife's family and Vajpayee, who he referred to as 'Bappaji'. His devotion was proven when he toured the nation with his father-in-law voluntarily in , but was careful even then to ensure that none in the BJP could accuse him of mooching off his in-laws.

Appointed an Officer on Special Duty, while his father in law was Prime Minister, Bhattacharya stuck to the shadows but quickly became known as the man to go to in the PMO, but never over stated his power and ever affable, as the Rediff columnist noted:

His detractors complain he has a hand in every deal that goes through these days; from the Maruti settlement to Surjeet Singh Barnala's decision to not import sugar. But most concede that such allegations are part of a smear campaign against his father-in-law. Ranjan is more practical. Tell him this and he'll laugh and come up with three more allegations against him: 'There's also a rumour about me in some telecom scandal as well. How come you haven't heard that one?' he'll ask; and offer you some more coffee at his office in Delhi's Greater Kailash.

He could reportedly be found relaxing with ministers over a drink in the middle of the day, while his father-in-law met with foreign delegations, and at times even had a say in who would become the next finance secretary.

In his memoirs, A Lucknow Boy, former editor of Outlook Vinod Mehta spoke of how the magazine had flagged off various deals in which Bhattacharya reportedly had a more than important role to play:

Topping the list was the Rs ,-crore national highways project which had been moving at a frenetic pace because of the extra push being given by the PMO. The first lot of contracts had been awarded to a clutch of seven dubious Malaysian firms. The Rs ,-crore Reliance Hirma power project, referred to earlier, was also on Ranjans radar. He and the PMO were pushing the Reliance case for a counter guarantee which amounted to a gift for Reliance.

Mehta also wrote of how the PMO had decided to allow a telecom policy, allegedly pushed through by India's biggest industrial houses, which had led to ally Samata Party writing to the Prime Minister seeking to check Bhattacharya's influence.

However, Mehta soon discovered that Bhattacharya was out of bounds when Vajpayee told him in no uncertain words that Bhattacharya's conduct was as pure as snow. It was followed by a series of IT raids on the proprieter of Outlook.

Bhattacharya's name also featured briefly during reports of the UTI scam and in the sale of government hotels, but the allegations never stuck, at least never long enough to matter, the Times report noted.

Bhattacharya quietly vanished once his father-in-law lost power and faded away from the political limelight. If it weren't for the Niira Radia tapes scandal and Kejriwal, who chose to drag him back into the spotlight, it might just have been a perfect disappearing act.

Conventional thermoplastic resins, for example, vinyl chloride resins such as polyvinyl chloride; acrylic resins such as polymethyl methacrylate; aromatic vinyl resins such as polystyrene and styrene-acrylonitrile copolymer; carbonate resins such as polycarbonate; amide resins such as Nylon ; polyester resins such as polyethylene terephthalate; olefin resins such as polypropylene; and polymer alloys of those resins, for example, alloy of styrene-acrylonitrile copolymer and polycarbonate, alloy of .alpha.-methylstyrene-acrylonitrile copolymer and polyvinyl chloride and alloy of polystyrene and polyphenylene oxide are inherently low in impact resistance. In order to improve impact resistance of those resins and alloys thereof, generally there have been widely employed methods for adding, to rubber particles, graft copolymer particles obtained by graft-copolymerizing various monomers. Though the degree of improvement of impact resistance by the addition of the graft copolymer particles is remarkable, for further improving the impact resistance efficiently, there have been made many proposals of improving graft copolymer particles. The methods disclosed in those proposals are a method of lowering Tg of rubber particles JP-A--3, JP-A--, a method of regulating gel content of rubber particles, a method of matching particle size and particle size distribution of rubber particles in graft copolymer particles to those of thermoplastic matrix resin S. Wu, Polymer Engineering and Science, 3,3 , a method of adjusting compatibility of graft copolymer particles with thermoplastic matrix resin JP-A--3, etc.
However improvement by those methods have reached their limits, and it is difficult to improve impact resistance more significantly. Also when an adding amount of graft copolymer particles is increased, there is a problem that other characteristics, for example, processability, weather resistance and economic efficiency are lowered.
Meanwhile crazing and shearing yield are an important factor on improvement of impact resistance of a thermoplastic resin. In order to cause such phenomena, stress concentration in a molded article is inevitable. For that purpose, rubber particles are added. Optimizing a size, shape and softness Tg and degree of crosslinking of rubber of rubber particles also has a great effect on the stress concentration, and it is anticipated that making a large cavity in the rubber particle previously has greater influence on the stress concentration Impact Resistance of Plastics by Ikuo Narisawa, pp. 3, , published by Siguma Shuppan . However this proposal is hypothetical, and how it is realized is not disclosed.
In order to realize production of hollow graft copolymer particles, the present inventors have made various studies even with respect to different techniques which are not usually studied, and have found that when a technique for hollowing of particles which is known in the field of paints is applied, hollow graft copolymer particles can be prepared and that when such hollow graft copolymer particles are added to a thermoplastic resin, impact resistance can be further improved. Thus the present invention was completed.

Generalized anxiety disorder. Definition. Generalized anxiety disorder GAD is a mental disorder. Anyone can develop this disorder, even children. GAD occurs more often in women than in men.. The person may also have other physical symptoms. These can include muscle tension, upset stomach, sweating, or difficulty breathing.. Exams and Tests.. Treatment. The goal of treatment is to help you feel better and function well in daily life. Talk therapy or medicine alone can be helpful. Sometimes,.. Other types of talk therapy may also be helpful in managing symptoms of an anxiety disorder.. MEDICINES.. Other than taking medicine and going to therapy, you can help yourself get better by:. - Reducing caffeine. - Not using street drugs or large amounts of alcohol. -..

The shortage of clean water in many parts of the world is a critical problem. According to the World Health Organization, . billion people lack access to safe drinking water. As a direct consequence . million people die every year from diarrheal diseases including cholera attributable to lack of access to safe drinking water and basic sanitation and  of these are children under , mostly in developing countries.

Lifestyles of Health and Sustainability LOHAS describes an estimated $ billion U.S. marketplace for goods and services focused on health, the environment, social justice, personal development and sustainable living. The consumers attracted to this market represent a sizable group in this country.

The problem of e-waste: Between the breakneck pace of technological progress and our voracious appetite for gadgets, we're accumulating piles of obsolete computers, cell phones, and other electronic junk. This stuff is hard to dispose of because it's full of many different materials and tends to contain toxins like mercury, lead, and arsenic. This junk is often shipped overseas where it's recycled with very little oversight and becomes an environmental and public health disaster.

Urban agriculture is the practice of cultivating, processing and distributing food in, or around a village, town or city. Social benefits that have emerged from urban agricultural practices are; better health and nutrition, increased income, employment, food security within the household, and community social life.

What would you give for someone or something to helps you find safe, healthy, and sustainable products while you shop? How about simply scanning the barcode of the product and immediately see detailed ratings for health, environment and social responsibility for more than , products and companies.

What chemicals are in your baby shampoo? Was sweatshop labor used to make your t-shirt? What products are the best, and what products should you avoid?
Increasingly, you want to know about the impacts of the products you buy. On your health. On the environment. On society. But unless youve got a Ph.D, it is almost impossible to find out the impacts of the products you buy. Until now

Almost all consumer electronics mobile phones, computers, monitors, printers, etc. contain toxic materials such as lead, mercury, arsenic and a broad variety of other materials that pose a threat to the environment and health. The challenge is to extend device usage to end-of-life, safely mine existing eWaste for materials, and design new devices with planned reclamation using reclaimed materials where possible.

Finding a convenient, healthy snack can be difficult in workplaces and schools where fruit trees are long gone and the best on offer now comes from a vending machine stuffed with junk. In this troubled economic times, many schools are forced to shut down their cafeteria services and replace them with rows of vending machines.

In the US alone, consumers spent hundreds of billions of dollars in fast food alone. Modern consumers have an ambivalent relationship characterized by guilt with fast food, particularly in relation to children. This guilt is projected onto processed food, where bizarre tales of contamination and lax standards are widely believed. Trans fats which are commonly found in fast food have been shown in many tests to have a negative health effect on the body. Excessive calories are another issue with fast food. A regular meal at McDonald's consists of a Big Mac, large fries, and a large Coca-Cola drink amounting to 3 calories

The local food movement in which sustainable food production, processing, distribution, and consumption is integrated to enhance the economic, environmental and social health of a particular place and is considered to be a part of a broader sustainability movement. Urban farming  the art of growing vegetables in cities has become increasingly trendy in recent years, led by health-conscious foodies coveting just-picked produce, as well as hipsters who dig the roll-your-own vibe.

Q:

History of the demise of Matrox from the world of 3D graphics cards

In the last century, a brand of video cards that rhymed with quality, Matrox, was very popular and the choice for professional applications and to some extent for 3D gaming.
The benefits of upgrading your computer with a Matrox Millenium were instantly visible, a very fast desktop on Windows, better-balanced colors, custom drivers for professional applications such as AutoCAD and so on.
At the mid-s, 3D cards were all the rage and they managed to release an affordable, yet effective card for gaming, the Matrox Mystique.
Sometime after, they released what I think their best range of cards: the Matrox G, followed by the Matrox G. These back then were a popular choice as out of the box they provided dual screen, TV output, and accelerated video.
Back then, NVidia and ATI did exist but weren't as ubiquitous as they are now. Today, Matrox is mostly to be found in niche markets such as 'many displays' cards, the typical product you'll find used by public places with many displays such as airports
What happened back then that such a popular brand vanished over time?

A:

The 3DFX Voodoo graphics chip  was superior to anything else at the time for 3D. The Matrox Mystique  was a fine card, good 3D and D but not as good as the Voodoo for 3D the Voodoo lacked D.
Later, the Nvidia RIVA   and ATI 3D Rage Pro  competed with the Voodoo line, and Matrox was left behind.
The Millennium G  was another fine card, ahead of its time with Environment Mapped Bump Mapping EMBM but at the time this feature was not well supported by the industry. The ATI Radeon  , Nvidia GeForce  GTS , and 3dfx Voodoo   arrived later with the same feature but better performance and industry support.
The ultimate demise of Matrox in the consumer market came with the short-lived Parhelia :

As had happened with previous Matrox products, the Parhelia was
  released just before competing companies released cards that
  completely outperformed it. In this case it was the ATI Radeon ,
  released only a few months later. The Parhelia remained a niche
  product, and was Matrox's last major effort to sell into the consumer
  market.

A:

I think 3D read: gaming just wasn't their target market.
The thing about Matrox cards was that they were always a bit more expensive, targeted at workstations and high reliability environments such as control rooms, security monitoring, emergency dispatch, power grid, traffic and light control, process automation and medical sector. Really any place that has a reliability component which requires a lengthy testing and validation process and where components can't fail.
AMDATi and nVidia didn't target this market in their 3D components because history has shown that they had no problem releasing cards that sounded like a vacuum cleaner and needed a ridiculously powered power supply. Matrox couldn't release these kinds of things and maintain their standing for reliability. It isn't to say that Matrox couldn't have it could possible cheapen their brand image nor is it to say that AMDATi and nVidia didn't release more reliable cards they have, but the real cutting edge 3D gaming stuff is pushing the limits without regard for failure.
As for the turning point in the late 's for king of the hill 3D GPUs, the thing that really separated the cards at the time was color depth and various 3D features filtering, etc.. 3Dfx was the top, but ATi and nVidia ate their lunch simply by offering more features. I recall that reviews e.g. Maximum PC would state how Unreal looked so much better with the nVidia Riva TNT's 3-bit color in comparison to 3Dfx's -bit.
For what it's worth, the problem with 3Dfx and a bit of its downfall was that the TNT was a similar cost all-in-one solution which had equivalent performance to the 3Dfx Voodoo. Yes, the Voodoo3 was an answer to that as a faster all-in-one card, but the problem is that it used the same chipset as the older Voodoo. It competed on performance, but there were no new features. I don't recall enough of 3Dfx's history, but it might simply be when they started addressing color depth and other things, they had already lost the race. It is possible that they had been focusing too much their work with Sega as they were supposed to be the chipset for the Dreamcast, but that deal fell through as Sega went with NEC's PowerVR in the end.



Payment. I prefer payment by personal checks when possible. Whether you choose to pay by check, cash, or credit card, though, I require one active Visa, MasterCard, or Discover Card number from you that may be used in the event that you are unable to bring cash or a check with you to an appointment.. You may print the credit card form and bring it in to your first appointment.

Draw Something  Solver. Solver Results. Complete the form to solve your word.. Stuck on a word? Need to keep your streak alive? SomethingDrawn uses the complete word list from Draw Something  to provide the ultimate solver  descrambler.. You won't find a better descrambler for Draw Something  words on the Internet. Not only does it work every time, but only words from Draw Something  are displayed in the results.. This fan site is not affiliated with OMGPOP, Zynga, or Draw Something.

Class S. Miss Salt and Mrs Jarvis and Mrs Dillett teach Year  and we have help from Mrs Hughes who supports children who have English as an additional language.. In Year  lessons are fun and are taught through a topic approach. Here are some of the topics that are taught in Year : Where in the world is Barnaby Bear?, The Great Fire of London, Victorians, Living by the Sea, Island Homes and Sir Stanley Matthews. P.E is taught twice a week. Dance, games and gymnastics are taught throughout the year and swimming lessons take place in the summer.. Lessons are very practical and children are encouraged to work independently, in pairs and in groups. Children are encouraged to read every night at home and can have their reading book changed on a daily basis if they have read at home. Children are heard read in class by the teacher or teaching assistant.

Consult Top Labour & Service Lawyers, Attorneys & Legal Advisors in Bailey Road, Patna. It's quite common nowadays for companies to withhold salary dues and delay full and final settlement of employees apart from delaying or denying promotions arbitrarily. Use LawRato to hire a top rated service and employment lawyer or a labor lawyer in Bailey Road, Patna for matters like recovery of salary dues, illegal termination, sexual harassment and Central Administrative Tribunal CAT matters.. Advocate Shankar Thakur. Advocate Vishal Vikram Rana. Advocate Vikash Chandra Srivastava. Need help to find the. best Labour & Service lawyer in Bailey Road, Patna?. Connect with our Legal Experts for assistance. Advocate Shama Sinha. Advocate Sanchay Srivastava. Advocate Arbind Kumar. Advocate Anjani Kumar Jha.

This is a handmade card showing the illusion of an antique golden-silver disk with Lapis Lazuli inlays. There are four boars, many swans, and  hidden faces to discover. Inside the card there is a full colour inlay and an extra inlay with the following text: My Celtic Art Project. This is my contribution to my Who are the Celts? course at Oxford Department for Continuing Education, week  Make your Own Celtic Art . At the end of a demanding week of studying participants were challenged to make their own Celtic art. I used GoldenSilver ink-pens, an ordinary Bic blue pen, art paper, a protector, and many rulers to create an illusion of a golden plate decorated with silver and Lapis Lazuli boars. Notice the boars, hidden faces, and many swans..  by Paula Kuitenbrouwer. This engaging card comes in protective cellophane, a name card, and a seal sticker. All in all this is an art project card that will entertain its new owner and it leaves plenty of room for a handwritten text.

Q--What is the value of a large collection of baseball cards dating back to the s?. A--Send for a copy of  Price Guide To Baseball Cards by Dr. James Beckett, available in paperback for $. postpaid from The House of Collectibles,  E. th St., New York, N.Y. . It lists and prices cards from  on, according to their condition and includes series of cards issued by Topps from  to , Donruss from  to , Fleer from  to , 3, and  to , Bowan from  to , Kellogg from  to 3, Hostess from  to , and Sportflics from  to . Another excellent book which lists and prices more than , cards produced since  is Sports Collectors Digest Baseball Card Price Guide by Bob Lemake and Dan Albaugh, available for $. postpaid from SCD Baseball Card Price Guide,  E. State St., Iola, Wis. .

Home  Career Center. Willowood Acres Veterinary Clinic in New Boston, MI is a busy, community and family friendly growing practice. We are looking for a part-time associate veterinarian that LOVES their vocation and LOVES people. The ideal candidate will also have a strong interest in surgery, and would be happy to hire a doctor with interests outside of our current offerings, as it would be fantastic to offer unique services to our loyal clientbase., in addition to treating the WCAD Canine Officers.. The city of New Boston is a great place to live and work. The nearby Romulus Athletic Club is a great place for fitness and family fun, as it features typical work out amenities, in addition to offering child care, a waterslide, hot tub, Olympic sized pool with lanes, and the Laxy River, a wading area for small children!.. Contact us to learn more about what may be the last job you look for!. Continue. NOVA is part of the Virginia Community College System. Northern Virginia Community College  

State legislation aimed at improving synthetic drugs laws. by Nicole Reitz A press conference was held Tuesday outside of the Oswego County Public Safety Building to discuss proposed legislation aimed at improving laws related to synthetic drugs. Assemblyman Will Barclay spoke of a new comprehensive legislation that would increase penalties, penalize chemical swapping, mislabeling and other proposed charges. Barlcay and Senator Patty Ritchies

3 Backstrom Rd, Winlock, Washington. $,3 Beds BathsActive. $,3 Beds BathsActive. 3 Backstrom Rd, Winlock, Washington  - HUGE opportunity - , sqft home on over . acres of land with a beautiful mountain & territorial views. Home is in need of repairs including but not limited to: master bath, flooring in basement, lack of deck off of living room slider, exposed plumbing and wiring throughout basement. House features large living room, island kitchen, master bedroom on main floor. Downstairs features  unfinished bedrooms, nd bath and huge family room. Large outbuilding possible nd home. Tons of Parking. Listing Courtesy of Towne or Country RE Inc

. Ghatz breeding how ?. How do i make a Ghatz on a breeding structure?. Answer from: mady. I just bred mine from a entbrat and a clamble. Answer from: Trident3. Easyish. Same as Grupypre, reebro and Jeedoe. Go to the island you can get It on, and breed the quad with a 3 element. For Ghazt, I suggest breeding T-Rox with Entbrat, as T-Rox has the shortest waiting time per attemt. P.s. changes of getting on is about . Answer from: yoddle. I got mine from entbrat and pummel but it took  attempts. Answer from: Quinn. Entbrat and clamble. Unanswered Questions. From: Nstweety. Posted on: --. View All Videos

The Prime Ministers Focal Point and Polio Emergency Operations Centre is seeking candidates for the position of Senior Polio Security Coordinator for the National Polio Eradication Initiative.

Area of Responsibility

The Senior Polio Security Coordinator will report to the Emergency Operations Centre Coordinator, will work closely with the PM Focal Person for Polio, the Federal Minister of Health, the Federal Health Secretary, and with the Pakistan Polio Eradication Partnership to increase the safety and security of polio workers nationwide. The succcssful candidate must have strong, well-proven leadership skills, a track-record of pan-government experience and exposure, management qualities and excellent communication and interpersonal skills. The successful candidate must be flexible, adaptive and responsive to new and innovative ideas to increase the security coordination efforts relating to the safety and security of polio workers across Pakistan.

The candidate must be a self-starter as this is a new post which will require energy and the ability to think innovativcly. The candidate must be willing to work closely with a variety of partners including Law Enforcement Agencies, the Military, and Intelligence Service Agencies across the country.

There is an urgent requirement to fill this post and therefore the successful candidate must be able to start work before  September .

The post will be based within the Emergency Operations Centre located in the Ministry of Health Regulations and Coordination EPI in Islamabad but travel throughout Pakistan will be required.

Qualifications & Experience

The candidate should be a former Senior Government, Police or Military Officer at no lower than Deputy Inspector General of Police or equivalent government, military rank and preferably should have obtained extensive experience as an Inspector General of Police or equivalent governmentmilitary rank for at least  years. Candidates should be thoroughly comfortable working at the tactical and strategic level and demonstrate capacity to operate across political and administrative lines in full compliance with the prevailing constitutional realities of Pakistan.Thc applicant should therefore be comfortable in forming relationships across the political, military, law enforcement and humanitarian sectors as well as others.

The successful candidate will be able to use hisher experience whilst applying innovation and creativity to

improve the overall safety and security of polio workers nationwide.

Remuneration

There will be an attractive remuneration and benefits package commensurate with the successful candidates experience and qualifications. This post will initially be for up to  months with the possibility that it will be extended further.

How to apply

Candidates should submit their CV along with scanncd copics of education and cxpcricncc documents to careerthezmk.com by September , , for queries -

Rio Mare  Food blogger day

Food blogger day venue

RIO MARE

For the presentation of a new cooking book A Tutto Tonno born from the collaboration between Rio Mare and Marco Bianchi, a chef specialized in healthy and tasty, organised a corporate event where most of the industry bloggers have participated. The chosen space was Yori Studio, the best loft where inclined to offer these type of activities, during where the guests were involved in an exciting cooking building activity. An informal setup together with a screen and projector were there to welcome the bloggers during the presentation speech explaining through the help of slides, the A Tutto Tonno project which publicizes the nutrition principles of canned tuna.

Marco Bianchi at a later time invited the food bloggers in a  sq. open space kitchen ready to host a cooking team building with the aim to prepare an extravagant and original recipe using Rio Mares tuna. The participants cooked their meal on steal stations organised in a U shape layout geared with cooking appliances, stoves and the necessary material. This video was made also to show how the spaces can be set and personalized.

Share Rio Mares book launch which took place in the Yori Studio, feel free to use the below icons!

Midtown Direct service has resumed operating to and from New York Penn Station following an earlier Amtrak power supply problem on the Northeast Corridor inbound Midtown Direct service was restored as of  a.m., outbound as of :3 a.m.. Trains in and out of New York Penn Station remain subject to  to  minute delays on the Northeast Corridor, North Jersey Coast Line, Raritan Valley Line and Midtown Direct service.. NJ Transit has established cross-honoring with PATH trains for customers boarding at 33rd Street in New York, Newark Penn Station and Hoboken Terminal.. In addition NJ Transit buses and private carrier buses are cross honoring rail tickets and passes.. As a result, NJ Transit rail service was temporarily suspended on the Northeast Corridor and North Jersey Coast Lines, and Midtown Direct service was temporarily diverted to and from Hoboken Terminal.

Egara Tenjin Shrine

, is a Shinto shrine in Kamakura. Having been founded according to legend by an unknown priest in , it is one of the few extant religious institutions in the area to predate the advent of Minamoto no Yoritomo, who arrived here in . Like all other Tenjin shrines in Japan, it enshrines the spirit of famous scholar and politician Sugawara no Michizane under the name Tenjin. For this reason, the kami is believed to be a protector of intellectual pursuits.

Having been unjustly sent into exile, where he died, Michizane was deified and enshrined to pacify his soul, which was believed to be angry as a consequence. Numerous calamities that followed his death validated this belief.

The shrine, described as in bad shape a century ago by Iso Mutsu,refIso Mutsu. Kamakura: Fact and Legend', Tuttle Publishing  ref has been completely rebuilt and consists of an oratory haiden and of a sacrarium honden''. Both are painted in the traditional Shinto vermilion color.

References 

Category:Shinto shrines in Kanagawa Prefecture
Category:Buildings and structures in Kamakura, Kanagawa

Hydraulic Oil Cleanliness: A Key to NC Machine Maintenance

High uptime on numerical control NC machining centers is the result of correcting any condition that may ultimately lead to some component failure. This requires an intimate knowledge of the machine hydraulic system and components, and that rare sense of what is right or wrong in the entire operation of a machine. A measurement of oil cleanliness can be most helpful.

A remarkable increase of NC machines in manufacturing industries presents a challenge to develop personnel for proper care of these installations. Development of this skill in machine maintenance is the users' achievement.

Present day machines, with improved components and hydraulic systems, are less sensitive to hydraulic problems. Several years of experience has provided technical knowledge in the art. This information can be passed on by a machine builder to a user, or from one user to another, in symposiums such as this.

Nevio Marasovi

Nevio Marasovi born  July  3 is a Croatian film director and screenwriter. He is also a commercial director.

Biography

Film career 

Made his first feature film called The Computer Repairment at the age of sixteen.

Graduated film directing at the Academy of Dramatic Arts in Zagreb.
In  he made a ghost commercial Durex Lunch which won numerous awards at different advertising festivals. Lunch also became an internet meme in the following years.

In  Marasovi wrote and directed his feature film The Show Must Go On, set in near-future Zagreb, seven years after the accession of Croatia to the EU, in which there are two depictions - one of the outside world, i.e. the third world war between the EU and unnamed countries, and the other of housemates in a Big Brother-like TV reality show, who are unaware that during their stay in the house a world war has started and who the main character, the producer of the show, decides not to inform, in order to give the viewers a view of the carefree world that once existed before the war broke out.

The Show Must Go On received Golden Arena for Best Screenplay, Golden Arena for the Best Special Effects, Best Newcomer award and the Critics Choice Movie of the Year award at the Pula Film Festival, Croatias national film festival.

The same year Marasovi made a TV comedy show called Instruktor for Croatia's RTL television.
Along with a Croatian actor Stjepan Peri, Marasovi was Instruktor'''s author and writer.

Filmography
 Autobiography 3
 Run 
 The Show Must Go On  feature film
 Instructor  comedy show
 Vis--Vis 3
 Goran 
 Comic Sans'' 

References

External links
 

Category:3 births
Category:Living people
Category:Croatian film directors
Category:People from Zagreb
Category:Croatian screenwriters
Category:Golden Arena winners

Visual Identity. Barbearia Porto. Barber & Tattoo Shop . Founded in , Barbearia Porto has a remarkable heritage in its midst. Guided under the most strict principles of excellence and through a.. In October , the barbershop received a new group of successors who were interested in transforming and adapting the place to contemporary standards, but simultaneously seeking to preserve and assume a strong presence of its important historical heritage.It seemed fundamental to me that Barbearia Portos new graphic identity should somehow be based on all of its vintageness and everything related to vintage, not only by the way are also used to produce the shops stationary and the other designs, as a way of making a statement on the concepts of timelessness and rediscovery which are associated with the shop and the services it provides.. Studio Photography& Scenes with thehelp of Andr Pimentel. Images of Barbers in Action were kindly providedby Nuno Fangueiro. 

Studies and Proposal for Measures Towards the Achievement of SDG . Start Date: Close Date:. Description. In this research project, the IPC-IG and Ipea joined forces and pooled their expertise and research teams to support the Brazilian National Water Agency ANA and UNDP Brazil in conducting studies and publications to support the implementation and monitoring of Sustainable Development Goal SDG : Ensure availability and sustainable management of water and sanitation for all in Brazil.. Partners. United Nations Development Programme UNDP Brazil , Brazilian National Water Agency ANA , Institute for Applied Economic Research Ipea. RegionCountries. Latin America and the CaribbeanBrazil. Main Pillar. Knowledge Production. Thematic Area. Sustainable development. Sustainable Development Goals. SDG  - Clean Water and Sanitation. Project Results. In , the IPC-IG and its partners produced:. - technical reports to inform ANA; and. - a book for external dissemination.

About Reformer Pilates. Reformers are the King & Queen of all Pilates equipment. The secret of Reformer Pilates is its ability to train many parts and dynamics of the body in so many different ways with just one sleek piece of equipment. An abundance of exercises are done on the Reformer to promote length, strength, flexibility and balance... Choose Classic Reformer for beginner to intermediate or Athletic Reformer for intermediate to advanced.. Toni's Pilates is home to the very best Reformers, each shipped from America straight to our state of the art studio. Our Balance Body Classic Revo Reformer machines make a dramatic impression when you first see them.. What Our Clients Say. The studio offers fantastic, interesting classes both on mat and a variety of Pilates related equipment with really experienced and dedicated teachers. All levels of fitness are catered for and class sizes are small meaning lots of individual attention and a friendly atmosphere. I wouldn't go anywhere else.. Grania Bromley

Browse through DLA Pipers extensive guide to data regulations and enforcement around the world and its clear that the United States stands out compared with more robust protections in places like Canada and Europe. Elsewhere, protections are lesser or nonexistent. Many European countries have central agencies dedicated to data protection. In France, individuals must give their consent before a data broker can distribute his or her data. In the United Kingdom, websites have to notify visitors of data-tracking software. Many European countries require data brokers to give individuals the opportunity to review their data profiles, and to show them how to access, change, remove, or otherwise object to the data that has been collected.

There is some dissonance to the fact that data protections in the U.S. are so slim compared with other regulations in other nations. Culturally, Americans prize the right to privacy. And there are U.S. sectors, like health care, where protecting personal data is paramount. But Americans don't even know which pieces of their personal data is swirling around out there. Your name, age, past addresses, political party enrollment, whether you own a homesure, you might expect that kind of stuff is to be shared by marketers and others who deal in data. But data brokers specialize in inference, too, so they can figure out all kinds of super-specific details about who you are and how you live.

For example, a data broker might infer that an individual with a boating license has an interest in boating, that a consumer has a technology interest based on the purchase of a Wired magazine subscription, or that a consumer who has bought two Ford cars has loyalty to that brand, wrote the Federal Trade Commission in a report on Big Data this week.

The FTC has been pushing for Congress to do something about free wheeling data brokers for the better part of the last decade. All this data collection is happening without consumer consent, and some the profiling that seems innocuous is actually harmful, the commission argues.

One person profiled as low-income might be inundated with sub-prime mortgage offers. Another person profiled as a motorcyclist might be flagged by insurance companies for higher rates. The categories into which consumers are sorted are incredibly detailed, and theyre based on a mix of government data like the political donations you made, publicly available data like the relationship status on your Facebook profile, and commercial data like how Aquafresh Extreme Clean is your favorite brand of toothpaste, a nugget of data thats linked to you because you swiped your CVS rewards card before paying.

Big data knows your net worth. It knows that you have a dog. It knows when youre most likely to use a coupon. It knows your favorite brand of detergent. It knows your dress size. It knows about your last speeding ticket, and when you got the oil changed. It knows you have a hunting license. It knows whether you're pregnantand often before you have a chance to share the news. The New York Times in  told the alarming story of a teenager whose father angrily complained to Target for sending his young daughter promotional mailings for cribs and baby clothes. It later turned out the girl was pregnant, just as her data profile predicted. She simply hadnt told her parents yet.

Advanced retinoblastoma in Malaysian children.
Twenty children with retinoblastoma are reviewed who were treated at the University Hospital, Kuala Lumpur over a -year-period. They constitute . of childhood malignancies and without exception all presented with advanced disease. Hereditary cases were notably absent in the the series probably because past cases have almost invariably succumbed without an opportunity to transmit the gene. With enucleation and radiotherapy six of the patients have survived from  to  years. The addition of vincristine and cyclophosphamide has not been associated with improved survival.

DavolView In iTunes. To preview a song, mouse over the title and click Play. Open iTunes to buy and download music.. Biography. New age composerkeyboardist Davol had an early interest in music, receiving classical piano training as a child and studying jazz and classical harpsichord in college. Electronic music also interested him, and Davol began writing and recording his own pieces as a hobby while he studied microbiology. Some of the tapes he passed out to friends made their way to Silver Wave Records, who offered Davol a recording contract. In , he released his debut album, Mystic Waves, and also received his Ph.D. in microbiology. Though he continued to write and record music, including his  album The Nature of the Beast, Davol worked as a medical researcher until , when he began writing music for multimedia along with his new age works. His fourth album, Open Book, was released in .  Heather Phares

HerbalGram  includes articles on ABC's Fredi Kronenberg; botanical approach to managing symptoms during and after breast cancer treatment; chamomile and damask rose for pain and anxiety during childbirth; systematic review of herbal medicines for depression and anxiety in menopausal woman; cinnamon for various metabolic risk factors in women with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome; ancient medicine for modern women; an herb profile on black cohosh Actaea racemosa;.

I thought it might be a good idea to start a thread to discuss what we are learning from the actual thread. Areas we are finding we have more work to do, areas we are fine in. Things you might need to change and reconsider, given the nature of the thread.. Any comments will be welcome here.....I figure it's also a way to try and keep the original thread pure. Pea. Bookmarks

Survivance Among Social Impact Games. AbstractStudying social impact games can result in many outcomes, such as awareness or action around a social issue. Research can help inform best practices for the design process, strategies for reaching players, game mechanics for aligning with social impact outcomes, and methods for identifying the impact of the game on players and the wider community. One such research project is Survivance a social impact game that addresses healing from intergenerational historical trauma experienced by Indigenous communities. Survivance was designed collaboratively with Indigenous game designerresearcher Elizabeth LaPense and the non-profit organization Wisdom of the Elders, Inc. This paper seeks to contextualize the area of social impact games within the Games for Change movement, compare perspectives on social impact games, and create connections and comparisons with Survivance.. Published. --. Issue. Section. Articles

Arbit Consulting, LLC is a. regulatory strategy and support company specializing in industry, academia, and. investigator-initiated sponsored clinical research. Regulatory knowledge and. support is provided for IND, IDE, and k submissions to FDA. Arbit Consulting LLC brings decades of. experience in industry and academia in a variety of positions in regulatory. affairs, clinical research, quality assurance, and product development. We have submitted dozens of successful IND,. IDE, k, PMA, NDA and BLA applications in a variety of therapeutic areas. including orphan drugs, expanded access drugs, oncology, pediatrics, cosmetic, as. well as dietary and nutritional supplements. The regulatory landscape is. constantly changing and increasingly demanding for drug and device research and. clinical trials. At Arbit Consulting, we can save you time and unnecessary. investments by providing regulatory education, strategy and support from. concept to post-market monitoring.. Report AbusePowered By Google Sites

Reducing Whale Fatalities Along the California Coast. To reduce negative impacts between large container ships and whales, managers worked together to compare shipping data from Marine Cadastre with whale sighting and probability modeling data. This information showed where shipping lanes and whales overlapped and how shipping lanes could be altered to reduce ship strikes on whales..

Trading Since . Find out what Lionvest can do for you. Here youll find our general Engineered Fitting Guidelines. Floor fitting is a specialist skill and we recommend employing the services of a professional fitter.. A professional floor fitter should be used to install the product and a list of these can be found on or failure to use a professional fitter could invalidate any warranty. Trading UK Ltd are fully committed to sourcing products from legal and sustainably managed forests. All procurements are checked prior to their purchase and we are increasing the proportion of independently certified and verified timber from predominantly FSC sources. We hold a full FSC Chain of Custody and purchase all goods in accordance with the EUTR guidelines which came into effect on the 3rd March 3.. If our regular stock items do not match your required specification, we will source it for you.Enquire

Network management needs to evolve towards gaining a direct understanding of how applications and. As IT operations teams make the transition from tactical firefighters to strategic, proactive assurance, one of the most important unifying themes has been widespread awareness of IT user experience. And what IT users experience most directly is not the network  it is the applications and services that the network delivers. Building awareness of applications and services has thus become one of the most important evolutionary expansions of network engineering and operations disciplines today. Learn how Application-aware Network Performance Management ANPM solutions have arisen and evolved, and now represent a thriving community of tools and technologies designed to serve this precise purpose.

Elsas and Lennon on September , . Today marks the 3th anniversary etched in the minds of Beatles fans around the world. John Lennon was murdered outside of his apartment building, The Dakota, overlooking Central Park.. There was no precedent to any of this, Veteran New York DJ Dennis Elsas reflects. The assassination of a rock star, that was totally new.. Elsas, six years earlier, had what many consider the definitive radio interview with Lennon. Elsas, working at the time for WNEW-FM, spoke with Lennon for two hours that Saturday afternoon. You can hear portions of that famous interview on Elsas website.. The legendary DJ for more than a decade has been an afternoon fixture at Fordham Universitys WFUV . FM. He recalls for FishbowlNY that fateful night when the WNEW on-air staff and listeners mourned as one for the loss of the music and goodwill giant.

The industry is abuzz because of Oracles tightening on licensing for Sun products. Read the press release from Oracle about their Sun acquisition. Indeed, several of our own clients are pretty upset about the heavy-handed push by Oracle to force users of Sun products into expensive license purchases, especially for those that relied heavily on Suns relatively open licenses on some products, such as those for Sun Directory Server DSEE and Sun OpenSSO.. Novell has made a great move: If you own licenses for Sun software, such as Sun IM, you can swap those licenses, for free, for Novell licenses. All you pay is maintenance.. Smart move.. The real fear for many of our clients, and for you in the field, is not just the current upfront costs, but the long-term costs associated with being aligned with Oracle products.. Has Oracle pretty much destroyed the value of Sun? And are they destroying the market they acquired with the Sun purchase with heavy handed tactics?

Effect of anti-CD antibody treatment on inflammatory arthritis in MRL-lprlpr mice.
MRL-lprlpr mice develop an inflammatory arthritis in association with other manifestations of autoimmunity. Although a variety of immune cell disturbances have been described in these mice, the relationship of these abnormalities to the pathogenesis of arthritis has not yet been determined; the role of T cells is especially unclear since synovial hypertrophy and joint erosions have been noted in some studies in the absence of a significant T cell infiltrate. Therefore, to determine if T cells are required for arthritis in MRL-lprlpr mice, we evaluated the effects of prolonged treatment with a monoclonal anti-CD antibody. Knee joints from treated mice had markedly reduced arthritis compared to saline-treated control animals as measured by the degree of synovial hypertrophy and inflammation. Nephritis in these mice was concomitantly reduced. In contrast, rheumatoid factor levels were not affected by CD cell depletion, despite significant effects on anti-DNA. These results indicate that in MRL-lprlpr mice anti-CD therapy can inhibit arthritis, suggesting an important role of T cells in the pathogenesis of this lesion.

Your shopping cart is empty!. Tom Cruise, a name that every Hollywood movie fan never forgets,showed just how good his fashion taste is when he introduced Oblivion Jack Harper Leather Jacket. Tom appeared in the movie Oblivion as the character Jack Harper in his signature Tom Cruise Oblivion Brown Jacket. The Tom Cruise Brown Leather Jacket is a blend of style and simplicity. The Tom Cruise Brown Leather Jacket is a must-have for every fashion lover. The simple-yet-stylish style along with the perfect shade of brown makes it the best choice for someone who wants a touch of elegance in his wardrobe.. Product Specifications:

Germany. Vattenfall generates, distributes and sells electricity and heat on the German energy market. We also trade electricity and energy-related raw materials.. With a population of  million people, consuming almost  TWh of electricity annually, Germany represents Vattenfalls largest electricity market in Europe.. Operations. Operating some of the worlds cleanest and most up-to-date lignite-fired plants,  per cent of electricity is generated from fossil fuel. The rest derives from nuclear and hydro power.. Heating. With the longest network in Europe, Vattenfall is the biggest player on the German district-heating market.. Electricity. Vattenfall Europe AG is Germanys third largest electricity company.. Jump directly to: Top of text , Search , Main navigation , sub navigation , meta navigation , Top of page

Grizzly Super Heavy Resistance Cables. Grizzly Super Heavy Resistance CablesGrizzly Fitness SKU: GRZ-3-. Quantity. Delivery within three business days and free shipping for orders worth KD  and above.. Description. Super Heavy Resistance Cables. Comfort Grip Handles Allow Full Range of Motion. Athletic Strength Tubing For Increased Workout Intensity. Convenient, Portable Design For Home, Gym or Travel Use. Soft foam on handles for superior grip and comfort. Easy turning handles for smooth controlled rotation. Heavier cable rope for faster rope movement. Fully adjustable upto Ft. Easy turning handles for smooth rotation.

We were given some lovely grapefruits this weekend, fresh from the fieldsgreenhousessuddenly I realise I am not sure where or how grapefruits grow. They are from the warm climes of Arizona, but from a warm tree? Field? Sandbox? I am not sure.. They were delicious especially when sliced in half and covered in sugar the night before. At room temperature the next morning, a fresh citrus treat.. Advertisements

Definition of loose box in English:. loose box. Pronunciation:. nounBritish. A stable, or an enclosed area in a stable building, in which a horse is kept and within which it does not need to be tied.. Example sentences. - A separate driveway leads to the stable areas, which comprise a large loose stable, three loose boxes and a tack room.. - There is extensive stabling with eighteen loose boxes, an indoor arena and extensive farm buildings.. - He used to ride well, but doesn't these days, although there are 3 loose boxes, a tack room and an outdoor mange.. For editors and proofreaders. Line breaks: loose box. What do you find interesting about this word or phrase?. Comments that don't adhere to our Community Guidelines may be moderated or removed..  trending

A study to examine the attitudes, knowledge, and utilization of CAM by primary care professional in West Texas.
This study examined the attitudes, knowledge, and utilization of CAM among primary care providers at two campuses of the Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center TTUHSC. A cross-sectional study design and a convenient sampling method were used. This study employed the questionnaire adapted from the Wahner-Roedler's study to survey participants in TTUHSC. Primary survey collection was conducted at the two campuses where all Family Medicine healthcare professionals were recruited. We measured participants' knowledge of, their familiarity and experience with, their attitudes towards and utilization of CAM. Of the  respondents, more than half . were female and younger than 3 years. Overall, our study revealed a positive attitude towards CAM. More than  of the providers would like to refer a patient to a CAM practitioner and about  of them believed that incorporation of CAM therapies into the practice would have a positive impact. Providers were most familiar with and felt most comfortable counseling their patients about massage therapy and St. John's Wort among all CAM modalities. About  of the participants believed that the institution should offer proven CAM therapies to patients. This study provides some preliminary findings that may lead to further exploration of healthcare professional's attitudes towards CAM.

Contains: wheat and egg.. Why Set & Save?. Just click Add to Set & Save when placing items in your cart.. Garlic Parsley. Retail price: $3.. Vitacost price: $3.. Contains: wheat and egg.. Back in , the amazing Marcella Hazan shared with me her secrets to making perfect pasta. Since then, al dente pasta has become famous for incredible taste and texture that duplicates what an Italian grandmother would make in her own kitchen. And, it cooks!

Estrogen replacement has been found to reduce the risk of heart disease by as much as  in postmenopausal females. The mechanism of action of this cardioprotective effect of estrogen, however, is not clear. The use of replacement hormones has recently been associated with the enhancement of endogenous fibrinolytic potential, i.e., blood thinning factors. This enhanced fibrinolytic potential may contribute to the inverse relation between hormonal replacement and coronary heart disease. These effects are consistent whether oral estrogen monotherapy, estrogen plus progesterone or transdermal estradermal estradiol is administered. For study purposes, we will randomize each woman to take one month of either oral or transdermal estrogen or placebo. The primary goal is to evaluate the effects of estrogen on blood thinning and clotting factors i.e.tPA antigen, PAI- antigen D-dimer, von Willebrand factor, and fibrinogen. Our second goal will be to assess the effects of using  different routes of hormonal replacement oral and transdermal estrogen on fibrinolytic and hemostatic potential in postmenopausal women. The third goal is to determine the fibrinogen phenotype and acute phase reactants that are found after estrogen therapy.

Leaders Build. Community and business leaders can step out of the boardroom and on to the construction site. Build dates: May  - August . Southgate Hills Subdivision. Sponsors: This exclusive build event gathers leaders to sponsor and participate in this one day community team building and networking event. Volunteers: Sponsors have the option of team building spots along with our regular volunteer crew. You can register a team to volunteer on a build day for the Leaders.

Street style tip of the day: Burnt orange. 33 PHOTOS.  Weeks of Chic: October . Street style tip of the day: Burnt orange. Up Next. See Gallery. Discover More Like This. of. SEE ALL. BACK TO SLIDE. A cool crispness is starting to linger in the air and we're not quite ready to give up on fall just yet. This burnt orange shift dress is the perfect color to be season appropriate in. Top it with your favorite leather bomber jacket and a cozy blanket scarf.. To find out all the details about this outfit on La Petite Noob, click here!

Paradigms, politics and problems.. Article provides an insight into male health improvement work; the need for a UK policy to act as a driver of work, examples of policy in other countries and discussion of a paradigm issue in male health that any objective UK policy would need to consider.. Read the full article here: inside-man.co.ukis-the-problem-with-mens-health-gender-politics

War Field crowdsale announced. War Field crowdsale announced. War Field team is proud to announce their crowdsale.. See War Field overview.. About War Field. First-person shooter game you play to win real crypto. Concept. WAR FIELD is the first online multiplayer first-person shooter game you play to win real cryptocurrency.What makes a game most exciting is not the action, the number of players, or even the realism. What makes it most exciting is when the stakes are real. WAR FIELD is the online first-person shooter game that lets you play for real cryptocurrency and win it, if youre good! Having something real to win or lose makes all the difference in terms of intensity and adrenaline.. More information. War Field data sheet  Get email notification on War Field updates  ICO calendar. Data provided by TokenMarket digital asset database

Primaquine: its effect on cellular immune response of normal rhesus monkeys.
The effect of primaquine on the cellular immune responses lymphocyte subpopulations and their proliferative responses with PHA, Con-A and LPS, and phagocytosis by monocytes of normal rhesus monkeys was studied under both in-vivo and in-vitro conditions. When the lymphocytes and monocytes from normal animals were treated in-vitro with primaquine, at concentration normally attainable during therapy, a significant inhibition in blastogenic response of lymphocytes and phagocytic capacity of monocytes was noticed after  hours of treatment. In contrast, the in-vivo effect of primaquine treatment on these cells was innocuous. From this study it is clear that the primaquine does not act as an immunosuppresant and can be given safely to any type of malaria patient.

Nanofilled Resin Composite Properties and Clinical Performance: A Review.
The aim of this review was to compile recent evidence related to nanofilled resin composite materials regarding the properties and clinical performance. Special attention was given to mechanical properties, such as strength, hardness, abrasive wear, water sorption, and solubility. The clinical performance of nanocomposite materials compared with hybrid resin composites was also addressed in terms of retention and success rates, marginal adaptation, color match, and surface roughness. A search of English peer-reviewed dental literature 3- from PubMed and MEDLINE databases was conducted using the terms nanocomposites or nanofilled resin composite and clinical evaluation. The list was screened, and  papers that were relevant to the objectives of this work were included in the review. Mechanical properties of nanocomposites are generally comparable to those of hybrid composites but higher than microfilled composites. Nanocomposites presented lower abrasive wear than hybrids but higher sorption values. Their clinical performance was comparable to that of hybrid composites.

Back home  enough driving for one weekSaturday, July th, . GREAT, the third major road trip in a one week time is completed, in other words: I arrived at home, sweet home!!. Hmm, I realize it only now, but I have been almost living in a car the past week, being on the road for approximately km in just ten days, ha, a nice average! . I took the steering wheel for the last km !, since I am allowed to and love it so muchthe NL to Norway trip proved to be a great way to get familiar with driving the X, hehe Im Lovin It! c McDonalds 

This took me about a half of a year to build so it is very special to me. The Van de Graaff Generator is to the right and the grounded part is to the left.. pBest band ever!p. does anyone know how to make a discharge wand. I am confused. How did you make the grounder?. can I use tin as the bowl. Im using a rubber belt as the belt must the brushes touch. do the bowls have to be aluminium ?. I am making a van de Graaff for my school project and I am using a site that you will find at plz can you tell me if you have to use your hand to make a spark or can you use the pole type thing used in this instructable to make the spark? if so how and where do I connect it ? please answer quick ,its urgent thx. How did this take that long to build? and where is the intructable?????????. Thanks for reading, half a year. Also, I got made this from the instructable How to Make a Table-Top Van de Graaff Generator by DevCoder.. the van de graff would be on the right no?. Ya, very sorry, changed right away.

CoSN members are committed to digital transformation and making the highest, best, smartest use of technology to support equity, achievement, and excellence in schools. We worked with CoSN to develop marketing materials that support their Peer Review program. Peer Review connects CoSN leaders with districts looking for objective evaluations and recommendations for accomplishing their digital transformation goals. Its a winwin for members with great expertise to share and districts that need authoritative, objective insights about reaching their goals for technology utilization and integration. Our CoSN relationship is long and deep and we were honored to provide marketing support for this initiative that showcases their creative approach to member service and value.

Elvis Presley Pinball Machine Hire. We hire a great range of Pinball Machines. At the time of writing we have a Who Tommy Pinball Machine, Guns N Roses Pinball, Creatures Of The Black Lagoon and two Elvis Pinball Pinball Machines. Uh Ha  We are just taking care of business.. This is a great MultiBall Pinball Machine. Has a two level playing field. Plays Elvis Music and has him talking with classic Elvis Presley Quotes.. A great addition to any party. But Particularly if you having a Rock N Roll, s, s or s Party etc,. And dont forget to add to the theme  have a look at our Elvis Jukebox:. Mobile 333. Our Website:. To see some videos of various items click here

Importance of a thriving agricultural sector needs to be acknowledged, says Farmers Union of Wales The importance of a thriving agricultural sector needs to be acknowledged, the Farmers Union of Wales has said. The comments were made during a farm visit by Merthyr Tydfil and Rhymney Assembly Member Dawn Bowden as part of the FUWs FarmingMatters campaign. -- -- Rhymney Valley beef and sheep farmer Brian Bowen opened the doors to his Pencoedcae farm the Labour AM and pressed on her the importance of farming to Wales  particularly in light of uncertainty surrounding Brexit. Mr Bowen, who is the FUWs Policy Delegate for South Wales, farms , breeding ewes and around  suckler cows on , acres of rented and owned land at Princetown, Tredegar, along with his father, mother and his son. -- -- Mr Bowen said: Farm businesses, and family farms in particular, are an essential part of the economic, social, and cultural fabric of Wales. Welsh food production sustains tens of thousands of other businesses  from upstream businesses such as feed merchants, agricultural contractors and engineers, to downstream businesses such as hauliers, processors and retailers. -- -- Farmers are an exceptional conduit for money, so if their businesses are thriving they reinvest and this, in turn, brings wealth to second and third sector businesses and the wider rural economy. Farmers and FUW representatives also stressed that irrespective of what trade deals are in place post-Brexit, within the UK, Welsh farmers will have to compete against their counterparts in other devolved regions. -- --

Mr Bowen added: It is critical that everyone understands just how much farming matters and I would like to thank the businesses who came to join us here and echoed that sentiment.

Following the downturn in agriculture over recent times and across almost all sectors, it is critical that we acknowledge the importance of a thriving agricultural sector on the economy  both locally and much further afield.

According to the FUW, around , people are employed on farm holdings in Wales, in addition to the thousands employed in businesses reliant on agriculture.

The wider contributions to our economy are also well documented, for example, in terms of tourism, while agriculture has been acknowledged as the single most significant contributor to an estimated . billion worth of wildlife based activity in Wales per annum Mabis, , the Welsh countryside, managed by farmers, provides the backdrop for the tourism industry worth over . Billion, said Mr Bowen.

A variety of local businesses and common land associations also attended the visit. These included John Richards of The Prince of Wales pub, Price Farm Supplies, T Alun Jones Machinery, Neil Davies of PMR, Bowketts Feeds, Rees Agri, Clee Tompkinson and Francis Estate Agents, Land Agent Chris Smith, Llangynidr Commons Secretary Colin Greeves, and Merthyr Gelligaer Commons Chairman Huw Williams.

Dawn Bowden, Welsh Labour Assembly Member for Merthyr Tydfil and Rhymney said: I am grateful to the FUW for inviting me to Pencoedcae Farm to meet with farmers and representatives of local business which are heavily reliant on farming.

It was helpful to hear at first hand the challenges facing the farming industry, particularly in the context of the many uncertainties surrounding Brexit. The discussions brought home in very clear terms that farming matters, and I look forward to working with organisations like the FUW, alongside farmers and businesses in my constituency as we face the challenges ahead.

Not Within Top . Notorious Thugs. Notorious B.I.G.. Send Notorious Thugs Ringtone to Your Cell ad. Popular ringtone start times for this song... mouse over to see times. Recent ringtone creations using this song.... Notorious Thugs :  :.  year ago by Kristen Zapalac. Notorious Thugs :  :. 3 years ago by Cooper Robinson. Notorious Thugs :  :. 3 years ago by Shannon Laya. Recent app creations.... ::3 year ago. ::3 years ago. ::3 years ago. :: years ago. ::3 years ago. Lyrics For Notorious Thugs. Just Bone and Biggie Biggie. We gonna rock the party. Just Bone and Biggie Biggie. Just Bone and Biggie Biggie. Just Bone and Biggie Biggi.... View more...

Knitronix matrix pressure sensors are analog sensors and they are able to measure a pressure level. They have been designed to compare different pressure areas on uneven or soft surfaces. They are able to conform to complex shapes. Particular care has been taken to design the contact points between conductive fabric layers and flexible wiring, to make this sensor able to withstand large mechanical deformations.

Options that come with taking right out unsecured guarantor loan in Seattle, WA. Advance mortgage and payday progress in Seattle, WA.. People looking for short-term assist that will be financial their own next paycheck might have a hard time getting funding from the financial in Seattle. The task was harder for visitors with reasonable fico score. In such cases, various choose instead for alternative short term financing solutions, such as for instance advance loan and payday progress.. Advantages of taking right out unsecured guarantor loan in Seattle, WA. One of many options that come with taking out payday advances in Seattle would be the fact that loan company may neglect credit that is poor the debtors revenue is the prominent factor for mortgage approval. Temporary funding will be refunded completely in an easy time period. If consumers establish that theyll create enough money to cover right back again the mortgage punctually, the bank may ignore less than perfect credit.

Zuhair Murads stunning floral couture collection was a showcase of his unparalleled construction abilities. The caged and corseted boning was clearly inspired by the underpinnings of historical gowns. Dresses incorporated panniers, corset boning and laces, with geometric grids appearing as glittering surface embellishment.. The gowns were an interpretation of a garden whose trellised gates were placed along the model form and cinched around the waist. Murad worked lampshade skirts into flirty cocktail dresses and grand evening gowns, all lavishly embroidered to evoke garden lattices and flowers. The palette was dominated by powdery pastels in sugared almond shades.. One of the more whimsical and seductive looks was a flowing greige chiffon gown with an embroidered top and matching cape sparkling with silver crystals.

What happens when you put photographer speakerteacher and -year radio career, Booray, with expert photographer and actively serving Past President of the Professional Photographers Society of Central Florida, Gary? You get The Photobomb Podcast! Catch up on the latest photographic news and philosophy with two pros who know the industry inside and out. But its not all serious talk, youll get what they call an irreverent mix of humor and photographic knowledge. Come ready to learn and laugh!. If youd like to learn more about Booray and Gary and their work, you can check out their websites:. Booray . Gary 

Attachment to Physical Media

If you browse a web design gallery or two youll notice a patternsomething that the design of my own site shares as well. The visuals of many sites recreate physical media. This is done by using paper textures for backgrounds, grungy or handwritten fonts, paper edges, wrapping labels, paint strokes, cardboard textures and so on. Even though the design is that of a website, which only exists in the digital world, the designer chooses to utilize familiar visuals of the physical realm.

This is a trend that appears to be growing. Look around on CSS galleries and youll see a lot of such techniques in use. Websites are starting to feel like theyre made out of paper, with painted headers and printed letters. The inspiration behind this trend is clear. The physical media looks and feels good, and were all familiar with it. Its comforting and pleasing to see the nuances of that media on the screen.

ButIm not convinced that this trend is a right direction for web design. You see, while the trend is aesthetically pleasing, the idea behind it closes off some great opportunities for the designer.

By recreating the physical media, youre not only recreating something that already existsand so is not new or innovativeyoure setting limits on your own creativity, limits imposed by an older media. The computer screen is free from the many restrictions of paper. There is no limit to what color you want to use or how thin a line you wish to depict limited only by the pixel density. Things dont have to be static on a computer screen. Sure, digital images still have their limitations, but these are not the same limitations of physical paper, and the opportunities for creating something new and unique are far greater.

When you follow the trend of recreating the physical media on the digital screen, youre not only copying its strengths, youre copying its flaws. The digital screen is an evolution of paper, and yet here we are going back, trying to recreate what weve had before. Sure, the old media like paper has characterindeed, the flaws also help make it what it isbut there is absolutely no reason why digital should lack character as well, after all, its up to the designer to create it.

So my thought really is this: when you find yourself working on a new design and are making it look like the physical mediapaper, paint, dirt, wood, etc. why not take a step back and ask yourself if this design can be made differently. Can you utilize the full potential of the digital medium that your website lives in by creating a look that is unique? Why submit to the limitations of an older media? Can you design something that we havent seen before? If you can, why not do it?

An autopsy case of bilateral adrenal pheochromocytoma-associated cerebral hemorrhage.
The autopsy findings of a 3-year-old woman who died of cerebral hemorrhage induced by bilateral adrenal pheochromocytoma are presented. The cerebral hemorrhage was shown on the left cerebral hemisphere widely. Her both adrenal glands were severe swelling, and their parenchyma was occupied by a dark red-brown tumorous positive for chromogranin A. The serum catecholamine and their metabolite, vanillylmandelic acid VMA levels were markedly high. Furthermore, cardiac hypertrophy and sclerosis of the arteries of various organs had progressed, suggesting an influence of persistent endocrinal hypertension. The measurement of serum VMA level was thought to be valuable for a postmortem diagnosis of pheochromocytoma. Bilateral adrenal pheochromocytoma may have excessively secreted catecholamine and subsequently caused secondary hypertension, leading to cerebral hemorrhage.

Q:

Use single ResourceDictionary for multiple themes WPF

I have a control that has a lot of themes and each theme is represented by a ResourceDictionary. The problem is that the dictionaries are almost identical and they differ only in the beggining where I have declared color brushes, for example:
SolidColorBrush x:KeyFirstRd Color3F 
SolidColorBrush x:KeySecondRd Color 
SolidColorBrush x:KeyThirdRd ColorFF333333 
SolidColorBrush x:KeyFourthRd ColorFF 

These brushes and other xaml objects for style are used here and there on the same place, like this:
 !-- ResourceDictionary  --
 Border CornerRadius
         Margin, , ,  
         BorderThickness
         BorderBrushStaticResource FirstRd
         !-- Some content --
 Border

 !-- ResourceDictionary  --
 Border CornerRadius
         Margin, , ,  
         BorderThickness
         BorderBrushStaticResource FirstRd
         !-- Some content --
 Border

How to move the same elements with different brush like above in a single file? There are aslo other elements that do not depend on the brushes, but they are nested or have nested dependant controls. What will be the best solution in this situation, as I do not want to edit  files for a single dummy change?

A:

You can merge resource dictionaries.  Declare your common stuff in one file, then for the differentiated parts make each one it's own file and merge it with the common file.
See http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibraryaa3.aspx



IOA  Network Blueprint. Bring WANs and LANs together to create digital edge nodes tailored for network and traffic types that have to be localised, segmented and optimised.. Key Highlights:. - Create low latency intersection points of ecosystem density clouds, partners. - Build a resilient mesh of geographic edge nodes with end-to-end SLA control. - Gain the ability to scale customers and markets globally by adding interconnected digital edge nodes to the mesh

.... RAJAR Q : National commercial radio results in full. National radio listening figures for the first quarter of  in full.. PPA .... Trinity Mirror brings together national and regional digital teams. Trinity Mirror has appointed Chris Ellis, previously managing director of its UK nationals digital ... Ellis will report to Mark Hollinshead, managing director of Trinity Mirror Nationals, and Georgina Harvey, managing director of Trinity Mirror Regionals, as well as a digital board chaired by Trinity ... in the following note to staff: As of today we re bringing together our regional and national core digital ... ... to be welcomed. John Carroll, director at Ipsos MediaCT, called the launch a tonic for the press, but added ..... Search Filters. Active Filters:. Click. to remove filters. Add Search Filters:. By Date. By Channel. - Ad campaign . - Agency . - Digital marketing . - Direct Marketing . - Marketing 3. - More.... - Media . - New Business . - Public Relations . -.

Jewels from Timbuctu. The jewellery made in the southern part of the Sahara, in Northern Mali, is the result of amazing perseverance. Always handmade and carefully produced to follow the inspiration of the craftsmen, all the pieces we sell at VAN VERRE are unique. The designs are highly diverse as the artisans have all kinds of material at their disposal including minerals, stones, wood, leather, bone, and glass. Just pick the jewellery you like, the collection is infinite!. African tribes have always associated their jewellery with the mighty spirits. Some will be associated with power or wisdom, yet others with truth. Both the material and the type of stone defines which power or energy will be given to the carrier.. Use: wear them to feel the atmosphere of colourful Africa! The pieces become even more beautiful by just wearing them. If you want to give them a fresh look, rub them with a drop of lemon juice to give them a new glow.

Date of Original Version. -. Type. Conference Proceeding. Abstract or Description., tfidf and LSI. We propose something analogous, but for the much more challenging case of an image collection: We propose to automatically develop a visual vocabulary by breaking images into n  n tiles and deriving key tiles ViVos ViVos achieve high classification accuracy up to 3 for a nine-class problem on feline retinal images. More importantly, qualitatively, our ViVos do an excellent job as visual vocabulary terms: they have biological meaning, as corroborated by domain experts; they help spot characteristic regions of images, exactly like text vocabulary terms do for documents; and they highlight the differences between pairs of images.. DOI. .ICDM..

MINNEAPOLIS,  April  Local artist and Associate Professor of Art at Saint Cloud State University, Rosemary Williams is fundraising at Kickstarter.com for her multimedia  video project Two-Faced Beauty, wherein she reperforms the life of her namesake  doppelganger from a half-century ago, Rosemary Williams. was pulled into the scandalous court trial of her ex-boyfriend Sid Levy.. Ive just made a pledge to Williams Kickstarter.com campaign and encourage readers to consider joining in. Williams has created a compelling body of work which youll find on her website and also on her Rosemary Goes to the Mall podcast site chronicling her art adventure making a purchase at every single shop sans two at The Mall of America..  Two-Faced Beauty  Kickstarter.com.  Rosemary Williams Website.  Rosemary Goes to The Mall

The Governor invited the Committee to vote on the proposition that Bank Rate should be maintained at .. Seven members of the Committee the Governor, Charles Bean, John Gieve, Kate Barker, Spencer Dale, Andrew Sentance and Paul Tucker voted in favour of the proposition, and two Tim Besley and David Blanchflower voted against. Tim Besley preferred an increase of  basis points, and David Blanchflower preferred a reduction of  basis points.. Published on  August . Other news.  News  Minutes. Minutes of the Wholesale Distribution Steering.... Minutes of the Wholesale Distribution Steering Group  April .  News  Minutes. Minutes of the Productive Finance Working.... Minutes of the Productive Finance Working Group - March .  News  News release.

Anticarcinogenic activity of quinacrine in the rat mammary gland.
Mammary carcinogenesis studies were conducted to determine the chemopreventive activity of quinacrine, an antimalarial drug which suppresses the production of arachidonic acid from phospholipid through inhibition of phospholipase A. Beginning  week after a single i.v. dose of N-methyl-N-nitrosourea MNU, female Sprague-Dawley rats were fed a semi-purified diet supplemented with  or  mg quinacrinekg diet. Quinacrine reduced cancer incidence and carcinoma multiplicity in rats administered  mg MNUkg body wt, but had no inhibitory activity in rats treated with  mg MNUkg. These data suggest that pathways of arachidonic acid metabolism in addition to cyclooxygenase present useful targets for mammary cancer chemoprevention. However, the chemopreventive activity of quinacrine may be limited by toxicity.

In Vertex and Vortex- A tectonics of Section, Jennifer Bloomer described the convergence of inscription and incision as the moment when a section is born. The collision of these two actions is what is conventionally called the poche, which is referred to by Bloomer as the floaters. It is described as a thin layer of liquid substance. A black dot that lies in between the brain and the object observed. To inscribe is to capture a situation by giving it a visual presence. It is a trace, a memory, a description in between the viewer and the spatial narrative beyond. To incise is to discover the unknown of the beyond. It is a physical act, a temporal state of reading and understanding. Furthermore, the notion of gravity and orientation must be considered in the making of a section. She argued that a plan divorced from gravity is a section through transparency, that a plan is a section which demands the presence of gravity. It must be connected to the world of tension and compression..

Helix Herringbone Hat. This pattern was originally published for Club Dragonfly in November . The copyright has now reverted back to me, and I am happy to share it with you. Enjoy!. Ive always felt that the variegated yarns made by Dragonfly Fibers cry out to be worked in patterns that will pool the color families. When making a hat, the trick is to find a stitch pattern that uses up just the right amount of yarn over the number of stitches that fits your head.. The Horizontal Herringbone Stitch by Barbara Walker creates an attractive, strong horizontal motif, and eats up just the right amount of yarn to pool the colors. Using a helix knitting technique allows you to have an uninterrupted flow from beginning to end.. Circumference:  inches; Height: . inches from cast-on to bind off. Main color - Thisbe solid, about  oz 3 yds. Contrasting color - Pyramus variegated, about  oz  yds

For years I have fled from a nameless figure. that first blossomed in water on an unsuspecting page,. was built unknowingly on a canvas in oils,. leaked from the tip of a chortling fountain pen,. and sketched in wandering shades of flower-grey.. A hand, taken from a poet whose lamp still burned into the night. A pair of eyes, jewels hidden behind fractured glasses. Hair, raven-black and ruffled in the direction of the wind. A nose, flawless white, from a marble sculpture in the park. Lips, pale rosy and stolen in the middle of song. A back, slightly bent beneath the burden of time. Two feet wrapped in weary brown shoes that walked the whole way.. For years I have fled from a nameless figure. For years I have learnt by heart the essence of his being. For years I have whispered in secret an unknown identity. For years I have yearned for his soundless voice.. And then, he came to me..  

Q:

calculation in Mysql with specific conditions

I have below mentioned table:
ID    Var      Date
A-            -- ::
A-            -- ::
A-3            -- ::
A-3            -- ::
A-            -- ::
A-            -- ::
A-            --3 ::

I want to calculate percentage of ID having Var value as  on every day.
I have tried this but it couldn't work.
SELECT
  COUNT ID AS ID, 
  COUNT Var  COUNT ID     AS percentage
FROM
  Table 
WHERE Var
GROUP BY
  DateDate;

A:

I would suggest writing this as:
SELECT DateDate, SUMVar   AS ID, 
       AVGVar     AS percentage
FROM Table 
GROUP BY DateDate;

This uses a MySQL shortcut that allows boolean values to be treated as numbers in a numeric context.



In something we feel is long overdue, the era of the Internet Cat is set to be immortalized in a new exhibition at the New York Museum of Moving Image, reports Racked. Titled How Cats Took Over the Internet, the exhibition will open on August th. Racked also says that Internet cats maybe-definitely don't deserve this esteemed honor which, pshhhhh.. It sounds pretty glorious to us, with the entire space dedicated to our viral feline heros, hilarious memes, and go-to cat reaction gifs, as well as a timeline of Internet Cat history. There will also be an entire room with cat videos played on continuous loop, which is probably where you'll be able to find us in deep, meditative thought until January 3, , when the exhibition closes.. Is it too late for this nomination?

Enhancing Primary School Children's Knowledge of Online Safety and Risks with the CATZ Cooperative Cross-Age Teaching Intervention: Results from a Pilot Study.
Children are heavy users of the Internet and prior studies have shown that many of them lack a good understanding of the risks of doing so and how to avoid them. This study examined if the cross-age teaching zone CATZ intervention could help children acquire important knowledge of online risks and safety. It allowed older students to act as CATZ tutors to design and deliver a lesson to younger schoolmates tutees, using content material about online risks and safety provided by adults. Students in Year  mean age  . years were randomly assigned to act as either CATZ tutors n   or age-matched controls n   and students in Year  mean age  . years acted as either CATZ tutees n   or age-matched controls n   total N  . CATZ tutors, but not matched controls scored significantly higher on objective measures of knowledge of both online risks and safety, and CATZ tutees, but not matched controls did so for online safety. Effect sizes were moderate or large. CATZ was highly acceptable to participants. The results suggest that CATZ is a viable way to help school students learn about online dangers and how to avoid them.

Cell structure - johnkyrk., Tuesday, november , 3  ios  puffin. android  puffin. Animal cell mitosis - cellsalive., This mobile-friendly interactive animation illustrates the sequence of mitotic stages in an animal cell. accompanying text provides an explanation of actual events.. Labeled plant cell diagram functions - buzzle, We are aware that all life stems from a single cell, and that the cell is the most basic unit of all living organisms. the cell being the smallest unit of life, is.. Label animal cell - enchantedlearning., This thumbnail animal cell label ! diagram. full-size printout site members. subscribe enchanted learning, click .. Animal cell parts - buzzle - biologywise., Animal cells depict irregular shapes sizes visible microscope. buzzle article elaborates definition function . Plant cell animal cell  ' difference?, Article describes definition animal plant cell points differences plant cell animal cell tabular form..

Edisto Island Museum. Address:. 3 Chisolm Plantation Road. Edisto Island, SC 3. 3--. Other Categories:. Historic Sites, African American Heritage. Local museum interpreting Edisto Island's history of agriculture, an African-American school and nature room. Edisto Island is known for its natural beauty and a laid-back way of life. But it is also treasured for its rich history of Native Americans, Spanish pirates, English settlers, wealthy cotton planters and military conflicts. The Edisto Island Museum walks you through the history of the island through many artifacts, photographs and displays. There is an Agriculture Room with farm implements, displays from Edisto's oldest Freedman's house and an African-American school, and a Nature Room with fossils and shells found on Edisto's beaches!

A model for persistent infection with Epstein-Barr virus: the stealth virus of human B cells.
Most adult humans are infected benignly and for life with the herpesvirus Epstein-Barr virus. EBV has been a focus of research because of its status as a candidate tumor virus for a number of lymphomas and carcinomas. In vitro EBV has the ability to establish a latent infection in proliferating B lymphoblasts. This is the only system available for studying human herpesvirus latency in culture and has been extremely useful for elucidating how EBV promotes cellular growth. However, to understand how EBV survives in the healthy host and what goes awry, leading to disease, it is essential to know how EBV establishes and maintains a persistent infection in vivo. Early studies on the mechanism of EBV persistence produced inconclusive and often contradictory results because the techniques available were crude and insensitive. Recent advances in PCR technology and the application of sophisticated cell fractionation techniques have now provided new insights into the behavior of the virus. Most dramatically it has been shown that EBV in vivo does not establish latency in a proliferating lymphoblast, but in a resting memory B cell. The contrasting behaviors of being able to establish a latent infection in proliferating B blasts and resting memory B cells can be resolved in terms of a model where EBV performs its complete life cycle in B lymphocytes. The virus achieves this not by disrupting normal B cell biology but by using it.

Effect of hesperidin on the pharmacokinetics of CPT- and its active metabolite SN-3 by regulating hepatic Mrp in rats.
The usage of irinotecan hydrochloride CPT- chemotherapy is hindered by its dose-limiting diarrhea which appears to be associated with the intestinal exposure to SN-3, the active metabolite of CPT-. Hesperidin, a safe and natural food ingredient flavonoid, exhibits various biological properties. Accumulated evidence showed that the regulatory effect of hesperidin on the expression of Mrp in the liver may be one of the critical factors controlling the biliary excretion of SN-3. This study examined the effect of hesperidin on the pharmacokinetics of CPT- and SN-3 as well as the regulatory effect on the hepatic expression of Mrp. Compared with the control group, the AUC-t was increased to  of CPT- and  of SN-3; the CL was decreased to  for CPT-; the tissue concentration was increased in the liver, kidney and colon; and the accumulated biliary excretion was significantly decreased to  for CPT- and  for SN-3 in hesperidin-treated rats. Furthermore, the expression of Mrp in the liver was significantly decreased to 3 in the hesperidin-treated rats compared with that of the control group. These results indicate that oral administration of hesperidin significantly increased the AUC-t and reduced the clearance of CPT- and SN-3, possibly by decreasing the hepatic expression of Mrp, and thus inhibiting the biliary excretion of CPT- and SN-3. The results from this present study suggest that hesperidin may reduce the exposure of CPT- and SN-3 in the intestine by reducing the amount of biliary excretion of CPT- and SN-3. Copyright   John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.

NEW DELHI: A day after the government announced dismal economic growth numbers, a survey on Friday showed steady expansion of India's manufacturing sector during May, raising hopes that the industrial slowdown may stabilise in the coming months.. The HSBC manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index PMI, compiled by Markit, declined marginally to . in May from . in April. The reading for India in the widely-followed survey has stayed above , which separates growth from contraction, for a little over three years.

. .3 ratings. Recommendable to most. Sort by: Popularity  Date  Rating. Posted almost ratings  years ago by Daniel Lether from Netherlands with  ratings. Posted over  years ago by piratejabez from United States with 3 ratings.. Posted over  years ago by FalconWolvrn3 PREMIUM from United States with  ratings!. Posted. Surprisingly.  out of . Posted over  years ago by Wekke from Belgium with  ratings. The pineapple aroma and flavor come through, without being overpowering.. And not to sweet like some other rums.

Intraventricular Meningiomas: A Series of  Patients at a Single Institution and Literature Review.
Primary intraventricular meningiomas IVMs make up .- of all intracranial meningiomas and represent one of the most challenging lesions in neurosurgery. Between  and 3,  patients 3 female,  male; mean age, 3. years underwent resection of their IVM. The removal was performed by a posterior parietal approach in  of the  lateral ventricle tumors, and  third ventricle meningioma. The transcallosal approach was used for 3 meningiomas, and patients with other lesions underwent temporal  cases and temporoparietal approaches  patients, respectively. The most common presenting signs were increased intracranial pressure 3.3, visual impairment . and cognitive changes . Forty lesions . arose in the lateral ventricles, and  . in the third ventricle, ranging in size from 3 to  cm. Total removal was achieved in 3 cases and the pathology report disclosed World Health Organization grade I lesions in  cases. Hydrocephalus, cerebrospinal fluid leakage, and cerebral edema were the postoperative complications .;  patient died of respiratory problems not directly related to surgery. Thirty-five patients 3.3 showed a -month Glasgow Outcome Scale of . One patient, who underwent partial resection, presented a recurrence after  year that remained stable until last follow-up. IVMs usually reach a large size before being diagnosed. Surgical treatment is the most suitable option and total removal should represent the main goal of the procedure. The posterior parietal transulcal approach and the temporoparietal approach are the most common surgical routes used in our series.

, this might be trivial, but how do I place an object which exists within a sub-folder, back in a parent folder???. I can simply drag and drop an object in a sub-folder within the hierarchy structure, but I can't figure out how to do the opposite!. Any ideas?. Thanks,. Elias. Develop games in your browser. Powerful, performant & highly capable.. You can drag and drop items from a sub-folder to the parent folder.. Oh, yes, this can be done from the Project bar, not from the Object bar.... Thanks 

I think this is going to become a thinglive streaming TV episodes and movies that we can enjoy together. I know that sounds cheesy vegan cheese of course but why not? If you have some free time and feel like joining in then I extend an invitation to you . Some of you may remember from my previous live stream where I pulled a clip from an episode where this being is taken on the Enterprise to be healed from a crash. He finds out he is going through an ascension process and changes into a light being. His government tried to kill him and other individuals going through the same process. Ive seen this episode so many times but it never gets old!. I will be airing it  PM Arizona time so for your time please click the link below:. And here it the link to my Twitch channel where I will be streaming it . Love and light everyone!. A voir. Thanks. LikeLiked by  person

City of Hope, a NCI-designated Comprehensive Cancer Center. It takes some amazing and courageous people to fight life-threatening diseases. And City of Hope has created a new way to highlight their stories.. The Faces of Hope video series features the researchers and medical staff who save lives, as well as the survivors and supporters who inspire us with their courage and commitment.. Our first Faces of Hope video features patient Nancy Court.. Nancy and her husband, Burt, have been through a lot together in  years of marriage  including her battle with breast cancer in . When she faced an aggressive recurrence in , they knew exactly where to go for help: City of Hope. Working with Arti Hurria, M.D., director of the Cancer and Aging Research Program, Court has kept her cancer at bay so she can continue to enjoy the finer things in life  like teaching her granddaughter how to sew.. Watch the Courts' inspiring story below, and read more Faces of Hope stories.

Kasper T. Toeplitz USFR is a musician-composer.. Kasper Toeplitz was born in Poland and is currently based in France. He has worked in the area between music composed on paper and realized directly electrically. His compositions include works for symphony orchestras, orchestras of electric guitars, and contemporary dance. He produces music made of long waves of sound clashing against each other, rich in sonic overflow and long silences. He has had residencies to realize his work in Japan and the U.S.. bio: 

Free online movies guide: trailers, reviews & upcoming movies.. MOVIE SYNOPSIS: You can watch Yaara, full movie on FULLTV - In the special vision of its director Tigmanshu Dhulia, Irrfan Khan leads the cast of this movie of India, with dialogues in Hindi available with subtitles, whose official premiere was scheduled for . You are able to watch Yaara. Action.. The -minute film full movie was directed by Tigmanshu Dhulia.. Good, meet its target to entertain. The story is interesting.. The original audio of Yaara has dialogues in or Hindi. The film was produced in India.. It was premiered in cinemas or television in .. Gaurav Bose, Kuldeep Rathore and Sunir Kheterpal.. This film was produced and  or financed by Azure Entertainment.. As usual, the director filmed the scenes of this film in HD video High Definition or K with Dolby Digital audio. Without commercial breaks, the full movie Ya, Yaara in FULLTV Movies.

Before Elizabeth gained the help from Prospects, she was recently unemployed and she was seeking for a career change but she didn't know how to go about it. Therefore, Elizabeth came to prospects to get an advisor's help.. Her advisor helped her to create an action plan and she was set up to a lifelong learning account. She was also shown which courses to take, which would benefit her wishes to get a job in administration. Elizabeth went on to complete Levels  and  of ECDL basics.. Due to Prospects being very helpful and friendly Elizabeth gained more certificates to add to her CV and have more of a chance in the career path she has chosen. Elizabeth also feels more confident that she will gain a job due to Prospects recognising her potential.. Created Elizabeth an action plan and lifelong learning account. Advised her to complete ECDL basics to improve her CV. Helped her become more confident in her own abilities. Number of views 

by in Number.. Multiplication number bonds worksheets fill in the missing  numbers nd th addition. Number bond worksheets... Browse more . Free printable worksheets worksheetfun preschool shapes... Browse more . Fractions worksheets mixed numbers worksheet math worksheet... Browse more . And subtracting positive negative numbers worksheet w word problems adding problems addition. Adding and subtracting negative numbers worksheet... Browse more . Algebra  worksheets basics for worksheets addition.... Browse more . Rounding worksheets for practice decimals addition.... Browse more . Money math worksheets... Browse more . Fractions 3nf nf nf... Browse more . Free math worksheets... Browse more . th grade math problems... Browse more . Keys to the door free... Browse more . Holt mcdougal worksheets... Browse more . All Topics. Most Reads. About  Privacy Policy  Terms & Conditions  Contact  Alistairtheoptimist

Dementia Friends. Friends. Dementia is becoming a growing problem for many elderly people. By being able to understand more about dementia we can provide better care for people who have the condition.. After the talk  people signed up to become dementia friends, which will help towards making West Sussex a more dementia friendly place.. If you would like to find out more about dementia you can contact Marlene on this email address: marlene.rieckerascotcare.com.. Also if you know anyone who has dementia who would like additional help you can contact the Ascot Care office and we can arrange a suitable care package.

Cool news is Trophy trucks are coming to KOH in an invitational race for big money but the bad news is in my opinion they moved the UTV race to the first Sunday of the week Feb 3. This opens up a host of questions like: When can you pre-run, when is qualifying, when is tech, when will the map get released. This will make it an easier in and out for the racers who may find it hard to be gone all week but it pushes the huge UTV class farther away from the mainstream public.

Blog: Nominees for the  Hammett Prize. The North American Branch of the International Association of Crime Writers has announced their nominees for the  Hammett Prize for a work of literary excellence in the field of crime writing by a US or Canadian author. A reading committee of IACWNA members selected the nominees, based on recommendations from other members and the publishing community. The committee was headed by Deen Kogan and included Jedediah Berry, Vicki Cameron, Lorenzo Carcaterra, and Thomas Laird.. The winner will be chosen by three distinguished outside judges: Kevin Connolly, Canadian poet and editor; Eileen Hutton, founder of Brilliance Audio; and Paula J. Massood, author of Black City Cinema: African American Urban Experiences in Film.. The winner, who will receive a bronze trophy, will be announced during the Bloody Words Conference in Toronto, June -3, .. Source: CrimeWritersNA.org

Mara Eugenia Rojas Correa

Mara Eugenia Rojas Correa born  October 3 is a retired Colombian political figure. The daughter of the th President of Colombia, Gustavo Rojas Pinilla. In  she became the first woman to run for president in all of Latin America, managing to get third place in representation of the National Popular Alliance, the party that she and her father helped create. She also served as Member of the Chamber of Representatives of Colombia from  to , and as Member of the Senate of Colombia from  to . During his father's government she fought for women's rights by getting the recognition of all their rights and helped create female police.
She is married to Samuel Moreno Daz and has two sons, Samuel Moreno Rojas and Nstor Ivn Moreno Rojas, who have both been involved in politics and have been involved in corruption scandals.

Category:3 births
Category:Living people
Category:People from Santander Department
Maria Eugenia
Category:Children of Presidents of Colombia
Category:Colombian aviators
Category:Colombian suffragists
Category:Colombian women in politics
Category:Trinity Washington University alumni
Category:Female aviators
Category:Members of the Chamber of Representatives of Colombia
Category:Members of the Senate of Colombia
Category:National Popular Alliance politicians
Category:Colombian Roman Catholics
Category:Colombian feminists
Category:Catholic feminists

Office Professional Plus  Windows PC  Retail Product Key. Office Professional Plus  Windows PC  Retail Product Key. $.. $..  Genuine retail product key.  Lifetime license for  Windows PC.  Licensed for commercial use. - Description. - Delivery. - Activation. - Reviews . Description. Office Professional Plus  is for growing small businesses who want the classic Office apps Word, Excel and Powerpoint plus Outlook, Publisher, Access, One Note and Teams... One Note. OneNote is your digital notebook for capturing and organizing everything across your devices. Jot down your ideas, keep track of classroom and meeting notes, clip from the web, or make a to-do list, as well as draw and sketch your ideas.. Teams..

MTD Timeline. Below is a timeline for the upcoming MTD changes due to take place.. . From  April , almost all VAT-registered businesses will have to comply, regardless of their turnover.. What does this mean?. It means that HMRC wont accept manual entries on VAT returns any more. All info will have to be submitted using digital links.. . MTD for Income Tax Self-Assessment ITSA. Originally due to take effect in 3, MTD for ITSA will now launch in . From that date, self-assessment taxpayers will have to make quarterly submissions to HMRC. They can alter these submissions up to the time that the final figures are due.. The idea is to make tax returns more accurate. It should also make them more manageable for you and your clients by avoiding that mad rush in the run-up to 3 January. Another upside is that MTD for ITSA will help business owners predict how much tax theyll have to pay  and plan accordingly.

In addition to mentoring, Rik helps clients develop their leaders through executive coaching, leadership assessment, leadership training programs, and strategic planning. He earned his doctorate in organizational psychology from Saint Louis University, where he taught in the MBA program for  years. He is currently adjunct faculty at Washington University in Saint Louis. He is a Saint Louis native where he currently lives with his wife and two daughters.. Education. Areas of Research  Professional Expertise. Leadership assessment. Executive coaching. Leadership training. Strategic planning. Personal Interests. Cooking. Entertaining. Wine

Absolutely! In society today, it isnt uncommon for people to associate free or inexpensive things as being subpar, but this isnt something you need to worry about when it comes to obtaining a free degree online. Because the free online degree programs that are currently available to students are provided by well-established and reputable colleges and universities, it is virtually guaranteed that they are accredited. Free online degree programs are available even from Ivy League schools, which you can undoubtedly trust to be accredited and to provide you with a thorough and useful education.. There are many accredited institutions where you can take.

Biography:. Stephen completed his undergraduate degrees in South Africa before moving to the University of St Andrews for a PhD with Prof. David OHagan. His PhD focused on radiofluorination of peptides using the fluorinase enzyme. Following this, he moved to the University of Michigans PET Centre for a post doc in Prof. Peter Scotts lab, where he worked on radiofluorination methodology, development of blood pool tracers labelled with gallium-, and the design of new PET probes for understanding neurodegenerative disease. He is currently a research associate with Prod. Aigbirhio working on the development of PET agents targeting oligomeric misfolded protein aggregates.

Q:

How would an MMO deal with calculating and sending packets for thousands of players every tick for a live action game?

I am working on a game and I am thinking about getting into networking. I have been programming for about  years and got into game development the last  years. I only really learn online and from books on my own time. I am planning to make a java server for Amazon AWS EC, but I am just wondering how MMO's handle multiple players each tick.
Is it just the sheer power of servers? I am not looking for code or anything, just in general how the servers work.
Does the server just do all of the calculations for all of the players and the tens or hundreds of thousands of objects and then send and receive thousands of packets every tick? It just seems like a lot for a single computer to handle, but it is indeed a server.

A:

How work and what is the job of a server?

Your server create a socket and open a port.
The protocol for an online game is generally in UDP because it is faster.
Your server have to handle ALL the clients connections.
You can add a server who is able to log an account and redirect him into a game server this is the case for all the big MMO.
Your server have to manage all the calculations from the Data Base: when an enemy hit another enemy, subtract a part of your money when you buy some stuffs...
So the server is the main part of an online game.

In fact, a computer is really fast for do some calculations, the most heavy part for a modern video game is the physics and graphics... Fortunately, these both parts are on the client part.
But, a server have to be strong! Not like a client because he doesn't need a big GPU, but he need a big amount of RAMCPU depend of the game and he also need to stay cold.
In fact, a game server is able to handle a large amounts of connections because of the UDP protocol and because all the heavy parts of the program are on the client side. You can take a look here: Creating a Multiplayer game in python and read the part when I explain the difference between the UDP and the TCP protocol.
All the others informations about how work an MMO server are linked at the end of this topic.
Now we can try to build a server!
Firstly, do you know how to create a server?

Program or download a server for do a test example: TeamSpeak or Mumble.
Launch him from your computer and allow his input connections from your firewall.
Log you on your modem and forwardredirect the port of your server into your computer.

For the last part, you need to do some research: Which port is used by my server and how to forward a port with my modem each modem is different.
Now you can try to log you into your server. But...!
Your computer have three IPs:

The Loopback address: localhost, ... The  can change
The Intranet address IP linked to your computer: ..., ..., ...
And the internet address IP linked to your modem: ...

How to know your Intranetinternet IP? That depend of your Operating System and your modem. For the Intranet use your terminal and write ifconfig or ipconfig. For your internet address, it is sometime write when you log you to your modem, or you have to visit a website who is able to show you your IP.
If you create a server and you didn't forward the port from your modem, you can still access to your server in local with your Loopback address and the others computers connected to the same modem can also access to the server with the Intranet address. Also, if you need to test if your server is accessible from internet, you have to test the connection with your internet IP, but some modem don't allow the externals connections from the Intranet... So if your connection with the internet IP doesn't work, try to log you to your server from another modem friend's PC, Cyber-Coffee....
Lastly, how to protect your server?
This is really difficult and you cannot create a perfect security... Especially if you follow my advices but you didn't complete my knowledge with your own research.

Root access

This is the most important part. When a lamer try to access to your server, he can just try a simple connection like the httpsshftp. If he can access to your hard disk and you haven't chose a strong restriction, he can simply readmodifydelete the Data Base of your game. The Data Base contain all the informations about the accounts.

Firewall

We have already talk about the amount of connectionscalculation than a server have to handle. In some attack, the lamer try to create a big amount of connections and didn't close them. We call that a DOS with  computer or DDOS more than  computer. So you need a good firewall for: allow only the port of your server, allow only X numbers of connections from an unique IP and allow only X numbers of new connections every minutes.

Updates

This is the easiest part: keep your Operating System and the others applications up to date.

Less is better

Don't install many useless software to your server. If a software is not import for your server, you shouldn't install him because: firstly, that can be a virus. Secondly, a malware can exploit this software for install a virus or steal the root access.

Encryption

The encryption is really important for block an Hacker. For example, with the https protocol you can protected the user's passwords from the MITM attack. And with the BluefishSHAothers, you can encrypt your Data Base for protect her even if an Hacker can read it. The most important is always to block the writemodifydeletionexecute right of the Hacker in fact, all the clients of your game need the read access.

Anti-virus?

In the case of an online-game, an anti-virus is not really important But still recommended for all Operating System, LinuxUnix also.

Have a good server

If your server is programmed without take care of the security, you can be in trouble. Example: Buffer Overflow attack in CC.
If you need more informations about how work an MMO, I recommend you:

http:electronics.howstuffworks.commmorpg.htm
https:en.wikipedia.orgwikiServercomputing
https:en.wikipedia.orgwikiGameserver
https:www.quora.comHow-do-I-create-an-MMORPG

Hint - If you are interesting by create an online game, you have to do many research, I cannot really answer in this question because is not the purpose of the subject. And this subject is too large for write a new answer at each question... Which software use for program a game? How to build a socket? Where started? But I have already answer at some similar questions. Even if the programming language are sometime different, I give you the link, the logic is always the same so it can maybe help you:

Creating a Multiplayer game in python
Xcode Mass Multiplayer Not What You're Probably Thinking
Multiplayer game in Java. Connect client player to game that was created by other client



Hyperbaric oxygen: does it promote growth or recurrence of malignancy?
It has been a concern that a therapeutic modality recommended as an adjunct to healing and administered to promote proliferation of fibroblasts, epithelial cells and blood vessels in a wound could also lead to proliferation of malignant cells and angiogenesis in a malignant tumor. The first reported concern that hyperbaric oxygen HBO might have cancer growth enhancing effects appeared in a paper by Johnson and Lauchlan in . In a series of patients treated with HBO radiosensitization, they reported a more frequent than expected incidence of metastases and an unusual pattern of metastases. The published literature from clinical reports, animal studies and cell culture studies are reviewed. Putative mechanisms whereby HBO could have carcinogenic effects are discussed. The processes of angiogenesis in wound healing and in cancer growth are compared and contrasted. In vitro, in vivo and clinical studies strongly suggest no more than a neutral effect of HBO on tumor growth. In fact some studies suggest a negative impact of HBO on malignant progression or formation. For angiogenesis, similarities in wound healing and cancer are striking but significant differences are found including the relative importance of angiogenic factors and the process of cessation of angiogenesis. Tumors that grow in hypoxic environments are more prone to metastases and more lethal to the patient. They are also more likely to mutate toward resistant genotypes. Discussion of postulated mechanisms of carcinogenesis including free radical and immunosuppressive effects points out why they are not likely to enhance or cause cancer growth or initiation. In conclusion, the published literature on tumor angiogenesis mechanisms and other possible mechanisms of cancer causation or accelerated growth provides little basis for HBO to enhance malignant growth or metastases. A history of malignancy should not be considered a contraindication for HBO therapy.

Anne Hegerty is an English television personality, freelance editor and former journalist, who is one of the Chasers on the ITV game show The Chase. She is also a freelance editor and academic proof-reader and lives in Manchester. Hegerty has also made an appearance on a number of other quiz shows including Mastermind,  to , Today's the Day, Are You an Egghead? and Brain of Britain. As of June , Hegerty was ranked th in the World Quizzing Championships. In November 3 she competed in the Bolton Premier Quiz League to become Brain of Bolton for the second time. In , Hegerty was diagnosed as having Asperger syndrome after occasionally having intense, month-long ... more on Wikipedia

Red Hat today made available a preview version of its much anticipated OpenStack cloud distribution based on Enterprise Linux  and announced that a fully supported OpenStack distribution will ship in 3.. Before its CEO resigned in July, Go Daddy snapped up small business accounting software company Outright. Is this its next step to becoming a broader cloud provider?. Technical community will work on development and support of OpenStack open source cloud platform and aims increase in China's contribution to OpenStack global community... Platform-as-a-service provider dotCloud has made its Hipache distributed HTTP and WebSocket proxy software available as open source under the MIT

Many interior designers work with organisations with large property portfolios, creating standardised designs for hotels, restaurants, retailers amongst others. So one person or practice can be responsible for a high volume of product. For the construction product manufacturer marketing interior products, the interior designer is an important decision maker and should be considered when developing your marketing strategy.

This one uses the new Making Memories Chelsea's Place papers I got at Michael's yesterday. I'm in love with them.. This one uses the January SA kit. Gotta love that Collage Press. And this one uses a gorgeous flocked paper from MM. YUM!. Hope you all had a great weekend. Thanks for stopping by!.  comments:. Oooh Anabelle - those are all three so pretty!!!! i am REALLY smitten with that MM flocked paper. i haven't seen it in person yet, but i just LOVE the way it looks!! :. These are all gorgeous!. Beautiful cards, Anabelle!. LOVE that red card using the MM flocked paper!!. gorgeous cards!!!

Team Huckabee is about bringing together hundreds of thousand of individuals to revolutionize America and restore the Greatness of this Nation.

Mike Huckabee has grown up knowing and believing that when ordinary people come together for a cause, extraordinary things will happen. You can play an important role than ever by joining Team Huckabee.

This grass roots movement will separate Mike Huckabee from the other candidates. It will create a network of individuals across the country and will be the base for the entire campaign. Mike Huckabee cant do it alone but WE CAN DO IT TOGETHER!

When you JOIN TEAM HUCKABEE, you will be sent a personalized and numbered membership card which can be used to receive special privileges at some Huckabee for President Events. You will receive a monthly email newsletter informing you of what is going on with the campaign and you will also be notified of special events coming up. We also ask that you recruit for Team Huckabee, by getting your friends to join Team Huckabee you help grow the network and take the campaign one more step closer to the White House.

Simply complete the information and make a minimum contribution of at least $.. That's right, $. can change the world! If you can give more please do. You will be sent your membership card, a Huckabee for President Bumper Sticker and ask that you find five more people to JOIN TEAM HUCKABEE.

Join the Jet Set. This summer let Lane Crawford take you on a wanderlust journey of fashion, food and lifestyle.. Shop at Lane Crawford between July  and August ,  and you could be on your way to globetrotting style with luxury luggage from Rimowa, Zero Halliburton, Globe-Trotter and more.. A single net transaction of HK$3, or more will see you go in a weekly draw to win a 3-piece luggage set or the grand prize of a bespoke Globe-Trotter trunk. Begin your journey with us now.. Terms & Conditions Apply. Trade Promotion Competition Licence No. : 3. Full results of all  Weekly Lucky Draw winners and Grand Prize Draw winner will be announced and published on The Standard & Sing Tao Daily Newspapers on September , 

Creative Print & Design Solutions for your Business. Metal name badges are an awesome alternative to our plastic I.D Badges. Made from Aluminium, our Metal Name Badges are available in either a brushed or mirror finish.There is a safety pin on the rear to attach to clothing, alternatively we can supply magnets that hold the badge in place.. Our badges are printed in full colour and have ample spacing for your companies logo, name & branding with plenty of space for names and titles.. Our Metal Name Badges come in a range of sizes and styles.. Available in a choice of sizes:. Available in a choice of appearances:. We will print your logo, branding or chosen wording onto your.. Custom Lanyards. Photo ID Badges

RALEIGH. Duke Energy has filed a request with the North Carolina Utilities Commission for rate hikes that would give subsidiary Duke Energy Progress an additional $ million a year. Duke Energy Progress has not raised rates since . The utilitys request of  for households and  for businesses was approved by the utilities commission, but cut to an average of  by the state Supreme Court. Duke is now asking for what would amount to an average . average increase, with a typical residential rate increasing ., or $. a month. Additional revenues would help pay for an $ billion investment the company is making in converting plants to source natural gas and renewables over the next  years, $ billion it is spending upgrading transmission systems to accept input from renewable generators and ward off cyberattacks, and $. billion needed to remediate coal ash ponds. Dukes other NC subsidiary, Duke Energy Carolinas, will likely request its rate increase later in the year.

Auntie's is Spokane's largest independently owned book store, and it's nice and big. It is open seven days a week, and seems to be thriving. When I was there on a Sunday afternoon, the place was hopping.. The children's section one of my favorites in any bookstore is large and interesting and I wanted to live there.. I also love that Auntie's--like Powell's in Portland--stocks new and used books side-by-side. Why every bookstore doesn't do this, I don't know. Well, I probably do, but I don't like it.. If you're ever in Spokane, pay a visit to Auntie's. It's a great way to kill a few hours. Or days.. - Posted using BlogPress from my iPhone

Hepatitis Australia is currently developing a campaign to reach baby boomers and other community groups who may have been missed in past hepatitis C awareness raising efforts.. Almost eight out of ten people living with hepatitis C are not current injecting drug users. Although the majority of Australians who acquire hepatitis C did so through unsafe injecting,  per cent , of them are no longer injecting drug users.. Close to 3, people were living with hepatitis C at the end of . Of these, ,  were born overseas in regions of high prevalence and almost ,  contracted the virus through transfusion of unscreened blood and blood products, unsterile medical procedures, or mother-to-child transmission.. Continue reading Reaching Out to Baby Boomers

Apart from physiological changes, teenagers have to cope with psychological changes too. Not only does their world-view undergo rapid change, the world-view of family and friends changes as well. Often parents dont realize that their teenagers refusal to sleep at the proper hour may in fact be a serious health issue and not a rebellious act. Adolescence or teenagehood is the most crucial period of our life because it is the time where we evolve from child into adult. Sophia dyed her hair as the tween celebrates her birthday week.website preloadnone Cute girl: Sophia took to her own Instagram page  she has 3K followers already  and showed off her new locks. Sophia dyed her hair as the tween celebrates her birthday week. itempropdescription  Obviously life is a lot different in small town: It centers on Clark and his journalist wife Lois Lane R, Bitsie Tulloch moving to his Smallville hometown to raise their twin teenage sons Jonathan M, Jordan Elsass and Jordan L, Alex Garfin.

During exercise, lactic acid or lactate is produced in contracting skeletal muscle. Lactic acid acid that is not otherwise used by the cell is cleared from the cell and carried into the blood stream as lactate since hydrogen ion dissociates from lactic acid. Individuals have a resting blood lactate concentration. The more a muscle cell contracts, however, the more lactic acid or lactate is produced in the muscle cell and the more lactic acid is carried into the blood stream as lactate and dissociated hydrogen ion. When the rate of production of lactic acid exceeds the rate of lactate clearance or removal and hydrogen ion buffering capacity, blood lactate concentration increases and blood pH decreases.
The blood lactate concentration for an individual at which the individual has a reduced ability to sustain exercise intensity as manifested, for example, by fatigue is known as the lactate threshold or maximal lactate steady state. A common maximal lactate steady state in an individual is about  mmol blood lactate. Individuals with an ability to sustain a higher percentage of their maximum capacity for exercise before reaching maximal lactate steady state tend to be better endurance athletes. That is, an individual's ability to sustain a higher percentage of their maximum capacity for exercise before reaching maximal lactate steady state can be used to predict endurance performance.
A common method for increasing an individual's lactate threshold or for improving an individual's work output at maximal lactate steady state is through exercise training. Regular exercise training increases mitochondrial biogenesis such that the content of mitochondria is increased in muscle. Without wishing to be bound by scientific theory, a higher mitochondrial mass may lead to a lower rate of lactic acid production, an increased clearance rate of lactate via oxidation or both for a given level of exercise intensity. As a result, lactate threshold is effectively increased or lactate response during exercise is effectively improved, that is, the individual has the ability to exercise at a higher intensity before exceeding their maximal lactate steady state, for example before a blood lactate concentration of  mmol is reached.
Quercetin is a flavonol found in some fruits and vegetables. A cocktail including quercetin, green tea extract, vitamin C, vitamin E, caffeine, niacin, taurine, vitamin B, vitamin B, vitamin B, and glucose was studied and reported to improve cycling time trial performance under certain conditions. However, the investigators recognized that the improved performance could not be attributed to quercetin alone. See MacRae and Mefferd, International Journal of Sport Nutrition and Exercise Metabolism, , , -. Quercetin has been reported to increase mouse brain and mouse muscle mitochondrial biogenesis and exercise tolerance in mice. See Davis et al., Am. J. Physiol. Regul. Inter. Comp. Physiol. : R-R . Quercetin has also been reported to increase maximal oxygen uptake and cycling performance in certain individuals. See Davis et al., International Journal of Sport Nutrition and Exercise Metabolism, , , 3. The effect of quercetin and DMSO on skeletal myogenesis from CC skeletal muscle cells has been reported. See Basic Appl Myol  : 3- . However, none of the studies demonstrated a method of reducing blood lactate concentration by administration of quercetin to an individual, methods of improving muscle cell performance in an individual by reducing blood lactate concentration, or methods of increasing the lactate threshold or the maximal lactate steady state in an individual allowing extended high intensity physical activity.
It is therefore an object of the present invention to reduce blood lactate concentration in an individual by administration of quercetin. It is a further object of the present invention to extend high intensity physical activity by reducing blood lactate concentration. It is a still further object of the present invention to create an assay for identifying compounds capable of reducing lactic acid concentrations in a muscle cell. These and other objects, features, and advantages of the invention or certain embodiments of the invention will be apparent to those skilled in the art from the following disclosure and description of exemplary embodiments.

Tuesday, February , . What That Guy Sounds Or Sounded Like. As I recall, the conversation got much more engaging as time wore on. You can pretty much skip directly ahead to :, in fact.. Posted by Bram Reichbaum at :3 PM. When was this conversation?. Hey - where's the trash can story?. Sorry ... the conversation was held I think in about April of .. This is precisely why Dowd will not win the primary. Excellent debater about the issues. I enjoy listening to him articulate his point of view. He can vote with the best of them, but where's his authority? Perhaps he's great behind the scenes and doesn't care about the credit, but if that's the case, then where are the endorsements?. Baby Huey will win touting his balanced budgets and his by his accounting initiatives which have helped our great city.. When was this conversation?. It was during an unseasonably warm Sunday afternoon during the  primary season.. Also, my wife's right: I DO look slightly less idiotic with short-cropped hair.

sun  dec  :: brookline, ma. human companionship. i was starting to write a short movie in which three people meet while going to hear a guru talk. one is a farm boy from vermont, who really believes this guy is the enlightened one. then there's a cynical window-washer, and a young woman in telephone customer service. they end up disappointed by the swami's lecture, and bum around that night complaining about how there's no meaning in their lives, while huddling under a big cold night sky in the city. my idea was that the meaning was eluding them  they were looking for something that was happening to them already, but didn't notice it. human companionship being all there is.

Did you know that the BlessedShadows Etsy shop is stocked with fantasy headdresses to fit every costume and mood?. Grab your favorite pair of horns and become a goddess!. Fantasy Boudoir Photography & Couture. Did you know that the BlessedShadows Etsy shop is stocked with fantasy headdresses to fit every costume and mood?. Grab your favorite pair of horns and become a goddess!?. Makeup.. Step into the Shadows and shop creations and prints, and join our OnlyFans. There is a new NSFW photo shoot up on Only Fans, with new NSFW fins art prints coming to the shop this week!. As we continue to move forward, we need to stay grounded, and we need to continue to bring art into the work and do the things that nurture our artistic hearts.. Blossom.

RASONs: a novel antisense oligonucleotide therapeutic approach for asthma.
Inhalation based approaches enable the local delivery of antisense oligonucleotides ASONs to the respiratory tract and thus facilitate the ability of ASONs to target and modulate the activity of discordantly expressed respiratory disease genes. Studies involving EPI-, a respirable antisense oligonucleotide RASON, targeting the adenosine A receptor, a G-protein-coupled-receptor GPCR that plays an important role in the aetiology of asthma, demonstrate that ASON therapeutics can be delivered directly to the lung as an aerosol. EPI- has been shown to inhibit adenosine A receptor expression and significantly improve allergen-induced airway obstruction and bronchial hyper-responsiveness in animal models of human asthma. Absorption, tissue distribution, metabolism and excretion ADME and safety studies of aerosolised EPI- suggest that phosphorothioate RASONs can be delivered to target respiratory tissues in low, safe, efficacious and long-acting doses. This supports the concept that RASONs offer the potential to address a variety of respiratory targets including those for which approaches employing systemic distribution and systemic bioavailability of the therapeutic agent may be undesirable. In addition, our studies with EPI- indicate that the RASON approach may represent a technology that is uniquely positioned to address the challenges of the post-genome era in respiratory drug discovery, since it enables simultaneous in vivo target validation and antisense therapeutic discovery in an accelerated timeframe.

LONDON--AstraZeneca PLC AZN.LN said Tuesday the European Union has approved its Qtern tablets for the treatment of type  diabetes in all  EU member countries and Iceland, Lichtenstein and Norway.. Nearly half of all people with type  diabetes are unable to reach their treatment goal and so risk developing complications due to hyperglycaemia, said Elisabeth Bjork, vice president, head of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, global medicines development at AstraZeneca.. Qtern is the first combination product of its kind approved in Europe and an important new treatment option to help patients reach their goals through powerful HbAc reduction, she added.. At 3 GMT, AstraZeneca's shares were up  pence, or ., at ,3 pence, valuing the company at GBP. billion $ billion.. Write to Rory Gallivan at rory.gallivanwsj.com; Twitter: RoryGallivan

PAMPER AESTHETICS  BIRCH HILL ROAD. PAMPER AESTHETICS is owned and operated by Bessie Poulos Ktistakis, a former makeup artist at Vogue magazine, Chanel, Shiseido, and Prescriptives cosmetics. Bessie honed her skincare techniques working at renowned clubs and spas, namely Equinox Spa and Georgette Klinger Spa. With experience behind the scenes of photo shoots for several magazines and ads for fashion lines, including Guess, Bessie traded in the fast-paced fashion world to bring her earthy passion for skin and health and spirit rejuvenation to Long Islands prestigious Gold Coast. Let Bessies decades of training and experience in the intricacies of all-over skin care make a difference in your life. Contact her today!. Take a little time for yourself to rest and relax.

.. Village governments, in addition being organized with economically efficient staffs have consolidated services producing positive results results and good management. Most residents are unwilling to abolish their village , cut back on services, or merge with other villages. People generally will not relinquish the quality of life they enjoy as residents of an incorporated village.. We currently are exploring all viable options and will post on our website any new programs we are able to secure that will benefit villages and their residents.. state and federal; officials , as well as the media, too often forget-or worst,. disregard-the indispensable nature of local; governments and the services they provide. Peter Baynes. NYCOM Executive Director

Find more Meckfessel relatives and grow your tree by exploring billions of historical records. Taken every decade since , the U.S. Federal Census can tell you a lot about your family. For example, from 3 to  there were 3 less people named Meckfessel in the United States  and some of them are likely related to you.. What if you had a window into the history of your family? With historical records, you do. From home life to career, records help bring your relatives' experiences into focus. There were  people named Meckfessel in the 3 U.S. Census. In , there were  less people named Meckfessel in the United States. What was life like for them?. In ,  people named Meckfessel were living in the United States. In a snapshot:. As Meckfessel families continued to grow, they left more tracks on the map:

I am taking my reception centerpieces pretty seriously. When I worked as a floral designer, I made so many bubble bowl arrangements that I promised myself that when my time came to get married, I'd do something with a little more originality. One idea I'm toying around with is old Limoges bowls filled with garden roses. Ebay has an awesome selection from $ to $ a piece. Yard sales, auctions, and antique stores also good places to browse. Here are a few I found on Ebay:. I love the different shapes and patterns! At the end of the reception, you can give the arrangements to favorite relatives, or keep the bowls for yourself and have a great collection for dinner parties. Each year, on your anniversary, set a romantic table for dinner and fill a bowl with the same flowers used on your wedding day. Any way you slice it, these bowls will be a lasting keepsake.

PACKER PARTY . Welcome to Knights of Columbus FdL!. The Knights of Columbus Hall was dedicated in . Over the past years the clubhouse has hosted thousands of weddings, anniversaries, business meetings and countless other events.. The building has undergone many renovations, the last in . We feature a large barroom, modern kitchen and an experienced staff. All of our menu items are prepared in-house from quality ingredients.. The KC Hall is open to the public. Our Friday night menu is popular throughout the year. We offer many Wisconsin fish fry favorites as well as baked chicken, sandwiches and weekly specials. Dining room hours are :3 to : P.M. with the bar opening at : P.M. We accept reservations for groups of  or more and can accommodate your large group. Check in with our host station when you arrive and enjoy some fresh popcorn with a cold beer or cocktail in our barroom.

Eleanor and Ruby- Leisa is a wonderful mother and homemaker. Her blog has beautiful photos of her new garden and thrift shop finds and is always a pleasure to read.. Rosy Inspiration is full of roses, pretty things and delicious cooking. A girl after my own heart.. It's nice to see how life is going on the other side of Australia.. and last but not least,. Nature, Art and Home- Andrea is a very special person who loves nature and shows great concern for the world in which we live. She is a wonderful artist who not only draws the most amazing caricatures but can draw life-like drawings of natures bounty. Real talent.

This mini glass bubbler is just what you need. What makes bubblers so dope is that they provide the convenience of a small compact size hand pipe with the water filtration technique of a bong. Just break up your favorite dry herb, pack, and hit. What's even cooler is that the mini design also makes it easy to fit your pre-rolled fattie right into the bowl! It makes sure you get those smooth big rips with less harshness on your throat. It is individually hand-blown and beautifully handcrafted and is definitely the next necessary addition to your Smokestash.. Material: Glass. Please allow a minimum of -3 weeks for delivery. U.S.

Senior Consultant. kristinamenon.no.  3. Kristina Wifstad holds a Masters degree in Business and Economics from the Norwegian School of Economics NHH in Bergen, with special focus on economic analysis.. In Menon, Kristina specializes in analysis of public policy instruments and investments, including evaluations and cost-benefit analysis. Amongst other things she has conducted ex-post evaluations of several road projects, analyzed the development of costs between mandatory quality assurance milestones KS and KS for four of Statsbyggs building projects and conducted cost-benefit analysis for several fairway-projects. Another area of specialization include data collection and analysis for regional and industry-specific analyses.

Other Work Samples for:. Morgan expresses herself adequately with some fluency but experiences problems with intonation. Her responses are appropriate but there are some basic grammatical errors in the use of verbs and in forming questions. This work sample demonstrates characteristics of work typically produced by a student performing at grade C standard.. Grade CThe student has a sound knowledge and understanding of the main areas of content and has achieved an adequate level of competence in the processes and skills.. Full list of grade descriptions
