Dariusz Nosorowski. Managing Director, Atol Poland. Dariusz - a salesman, manager, lawyer with MBA title, SGH Warsaw School of Economics graduate and accomplished sales manager. He has nearly 20 years of sales experience at various organisational levels and both - large-scale international organisations as well as local startups. Leader of change (restructuring, market segmentation), effective creator and implementer of the selected strategies. He implemented recovery plans in the weakest departments, which later ranked among the best in the company. A coach and mentor, effectively builds successful sales teams, motivates employees to achieve high performance. He willingly shares his knowledge and experience in the work sphere collaborating with companies as an active salesman and consultant.

Have you seen the “flag this blog” button now being published in the top bar of BlogSpot.com blogs? Interesting.Blogger explains this tool as a way to:. the “Flag?” button allows the blogging community to easily note questionable content, which in turn helps us take action when needed. So we’re relying on you, the users, to be our eyes on the web, and to let us know of potential issues that are important to you.. I have other thoughts on it. I see it as a way for Blogger to protect itself - using the strength of the community of users - from sickos posting about criminal acts or tendencies on their tool. Not sure what I’m talking about? See this for background.

433 Views. Industry Partner Showcase. Implementing change to achieve improved vascular access outcomes can be challenging, especially with the potential of multiple internal hurdles. This presentation will take an in-depth look at the phases of successful process improvement and describe how a comprehensive vendor-partnership approach can help identify the problem, solution, cost justification and effective implementation, which can result in realized positive outcomes.

Novel cytotoxic and biological agents for prostate cancer: where will the money be in 2005?
In 2004, docetaxel-based chemotherapy became the first treatment capable of extending life in androgen-independent prostate cancer. The era of therapeutic nihilism in this disease has thus been put to rest and a broad range of agents is being tested with the goal of improving on the successes of 2004. Lessons learned from other tumour types will need to be applied to prostate cancer in order to harness the bounty of available ideas. Target amplification or activating mutations and not merely the presence of a target are likely to be important to the success of targeted agents. Thus, the promise of the current crop of targeted agents is most likely to be realised when pursued in the context of well-credentialed targets and tested in highly translational clinical trials that are capable not only of assessing tumour response, but also of evaluating the status of the targeted pathway. The most promising agents in clinical development are reviewed.

An emerging clinical approach to treat substance abuse disorders involves a form of cognitive-behavioral therapy whereby addicts learn to reduce their reactivity to drug-paired stimuli through cue-exposure or extinction training. It is, however, unlikely that extinction training would be consistently effective as a stand- alone treatment in populations that have abused drugs long-term because the key memory systems that are recruited during extinction training are impaired by long-term drug use. There is a critical need to understand mechanisms underlying extinction learning and to establish viable strategies to increase the efficacy of extinction therapies for substance abuse disorders. Key elements of the proposed research plan build on recent advances made in the treatment of conditioned fear and anxiety and other cognitive disorders by pharmacological modulation of glycine, an obligatory co-transmitter at the NMDA glutamate receptor complex. The specific aims of the proposed research in rats and non-human primates are to: 1) elucidate the neurobiological substrates of extinction learning; 2) evaluate selected glycine site partial agonists and glycine transporter-1 (GlyT1) inhibitors as candidate pharmacotherapies to increase the efficacy of extinction training; and 3) determine neurobiological substrates of glycine site modulation of extinction learning. The intravenous cocaine self-administration procedure will be used in the proposed studies because the contingency between drug delivery and behavior is likely paramount for understanding the persistent abuse of drugs in people. Measurement of Fos protein expression (a marker for neuronal activation) and evaluation with anisomycin (an inhibitor of de novo protein synthesis) will be used in rats to investigate the neurobiological substrates of extinction learning following cocaine self-administration training. In addition, the proposed research in rats and non-human primates will specifically investigate the effects of the partial glycine agonist D-cycloserine and selective GlyT1 inhibitors for their ability to accelerate extinction learning and to subsequently reduce cocaine cue reactivity and re-acquisition of cocaine self-administration. Animal research involving pharmacological modulation of learning and memory is well-served by an integrated comparative strategy using appropriately selected laboratory animals. This approach is especially relevant for research involving cognitive enhancing drugs, where non-human primates can serve as a key translational interface for the development of pharmacotherapies. [unreadable] [unreadable] [unreadable]

4345. Foil tape is used in many applications to join two pieces of foil faced insulation, ensuring no thermal break and the continuity of the surface.. Idenden T303 is the market leading product for the heating, ventilation and air conditioning sector. It provides unrivalled performance, maintaining insulation efficiency by protecting against the effects of fire, moisture and dust. The final bond has high shear strength and the foil promotes the optimum balance of surface conformity and tensile strength. This makes it ideal for lap sealing foil faced insulation materials, metal and duct sealing.. High standards of reliability, strength and durability. High tack adhesive. Consistent performance over a wide temperature range. Class 0 compliance. Also used extensively in taping foil faced rigid foam insulation boards in non-industrial applications.. + more- less. B004345.COSHHData.pdf. B004345.TechData.pdf. You must be logged in to leave a review.. Star Rating. Item(s) Price: £9

Host lymphodepletion augments T cell adoptive immunotherapy through enhanced intratumoral proliferation of effector cells.
T-cell adoptive immunotherapy for stringent murine tumor models, such as intracranial, s.c., or advanced pulmonary metastases, routinely uses lymphodepletive conditioning regimens before T-cell transfer, like recent clinical protocols. In this study, we examined whether host lymphodepletion is an obligatory component of curative T-cell therapy; we also examined the mechanism by which it augments therapy. Mice bearing intracranial, s.c., or 10-day pulmonary metastases of MCA 205 received total body irradiation conditioning or were nonirradiated before i.v. transfer of tumor-reactive T cells. Total body irradiation was not required for immunologically specific curative therapy and induction of memory provided that a 3- to 12-fold higher T-cell dose was administered. The mechanism involved enhanced intratumoral proliferation of T-effector cells in total body irradiation-conditioned recipients. In this tumor model, intratumoral T(reg) cells were not detected; consequently, intratumoral T-effector cells produced identical amounts of IFN-gamma upon ex vivo antigen stimulation irrespective of total body irradiation conditioning. Thus, host lymphodepletion augments T-cell immunotherapy through enhanced antigen-driven proliferation of T-effector cells, but curative therapy can be achieved in nonconditioned hosts by escalation of T-cell dose. These data provide a rationale for dose escalation of T-effector cells in situations where single or repeated lymphodepletion regimens are contraindicated.

Ranking systems have their limitations and imperfections – we know. Yet it’s worth sharing that the latest U.S. News & World Report list puts OHSU at no. 3 for excellence in primary care education.. Fifty-five of our 121 fourth-year med students, or 46 percent, are entering residency in primary care this year, which includes internal medicine, family medicine and pediatrics. While many of these students will go on to sub-specialize, this continues to be a strong initial showing in primary care, compared to many other areas of the country. While this is down somewhat from 2011 when 62 percent matched to primary care, it is consistent with trends from 2008-2010.. Complete OHSU rankings include:. - Overall research #37 (tied with University of Maryland). - Primary care #3 (tied with UC-San Francisco). - Family Medicine #5 (tied with University of New Mexico). - Rural Medicine #12 (tied with eight other institutions)

Health care facilities operate in a complex environment. The first priority is to deliver the best care to the clients or patients. At the same time, health care providers have to deal with many day-to-day challenges ranging from managing patient waiting times and collating and safeguarding patient data to revenue collection and managing medical supplies. AfyaPro enables health care providers to provide the most effective care possible by addressing all these issues through the next generation software which patients’ medical records it also allows healthcare providers to continuously keep track of patient information, In addition, AfyaPro supports billing and accounting and helps staff to manage HR, assets, and stocks (pharmacy). By keeping track of this information, health care facilities and clinics save money and improve data quality and accuracy, which in turn results in more effective and efficient health care delivery.

We're counting down the all-too, try one of these ideas:. 1. Serve two creative.. 2. Stick to wine and beer. Mixed drinks with expensive liquor can quickly add up, so give your guests a choice of wine or beer to sip throughout the night.. 3. BYOB. Ask if your site allows you to bring in your own liquor. Buy it by the case to save 10 to 15 percent off the cost of single bottles. Return unopened bottles, if that's allowed in your state.. 4. Have a limited open bar. You can opt for an open bar just during cocktail hour, then switch to beer and wine during dinner and the rest of the reception.. 5. Go ethnic. Plan a themed reception, then limit beverages to a few appropriate options: red wine with an Italian celebration, or Coronas and margaritas for a Mexican fiesta, for example... What is your favorite "Don't" that we didn't list?

New products in the field of cosmetics, be it an active ingredient, a new formulation of known ingredients, an application system etc., often afford years of research and development before approaching the market. Only a time of exclusive use ensures that this investment is worthwhile. Therefore, the developer of a new cosmetic product should seek for a comprehensive protection against potential counterfeiters. In this article optionsare presented for a protection that is as complete as possible by effective use of the available intellectual property rights (IP rights). Furthermore, some important notes are given to avoid patent infringement when marketing cosmetic compositions.

The Nellie Bly Smoker. Make a hot/cold food smoker from a 55-gallon steel drum. Read more ». Make a hot/cold food smoker from a 55-gallon steel drum. Read more ». The... Read more ». Making a yarn dispenser from your favorite VHS cassette takes only 5 minutes with this guide from Skeined Productions. Read more ». Create high-voltage sparks using nothing more than falling water as the source of energy. Read ». See yourself as others see you with a true mirror. Read »

It seems that Americans might not be the only ones to be at the receiving end of the thriving business of credit card fraud emanating from India. After the Maharashtra Police unearthed a massive credit card fraud scam by raiding Thane-based call centres and arresting scores of individuals accused of duping close to 6,000 Americans, Canadian authorities have raised alarm about 'suspicious phone callers with Indian accent.'

According to the probe agency, scores of Canadian residents have complained to the authorities in their country about marketers and callers asking them about their personal information. The complainants have also stated that most of the callers have an 'Indian accent' and tend to be pushy while asking personal information which mostly is about credit card details.

The revelation was made by some senior officials of the CBI who said that the issue was brought up during a recently held meeting with the Commissioner of Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) Bob Paulson.

"Several issues were discussed during the meeting and most of them focused on greater co-operation between Canadian and Indian investigating bodies. Some of the points discussed during the meeting were related to inquiries and judicial requests made by our agency in connection to criminal cases probed by CBI. While our Canadian counterpart assured better cooperation from their end, there were some issues raised by them in which they would be needing our assistance. One of them is of credit card fraud and the matter seems to be serious and urgent in nature,"a senior CBI official told DNA.

"According to the RMCP in the last few months there have been multiple complaints from Canadian citizens claiming that they have been receiving calls from people with an Indian accent. The numbers from which they have been receiving these calls seem to be originating from two-three countries and we intend to work with out Canadian counterparts to probe this matter further," the officer said.

According to CBI officials, as seen in the past, syndicates operating a credit card scam system, are generally not based out of any one particular country. Similarly the numbers from which these fraud calls are made can be concealed using commonly available technology or through sim cards acquired illegally by syndicate members.

Mumbai case

Thane based call centres, which had more than 2,000 employees, have come under police investigation for allegedly duping Americans by pretending to be Internal Revenue Service officials and threatening them with tax investigations if they did not pay up. The police has also issued a Look Out Circular (LOC) to nab Sagar Dharmesh Thakkar, the alleged mastermind of the scam which is believed to have procured almost rupees 500 crore from American citizens

Firdous Ibrahim. Solicitor. Firdous Ibrahim is a solicitor in the medical negligence department.. Firdous is a solicitor assisting Suzanne White in the clinical negligence department. Firdous assists on a variety of catastrophic claims including spinal injury, brain injury, birth injury and other serious illnesses. Firdous also works on cases representing families at inquests where close relatives have died because of negligent medical care.. Firdous studied at City University, London. She joined Leigh Day in 2017 after qualifying as a solicitor. As part of her training Firdous completed seats in clinical negligence and personal injury.. Firdous is a member of the Association of Personal Injury Lawyers (APIL) and the Spinal Injuries Association (SIA). Firdous is also a Compass mentor for the Tony Blair Institute for Global Change.

The podcast where we watch every Academy Award Best Picture winner in no particular order. BP015 Patton (1970). Best Pick with John Dorney, Jessica Regan and Tom Salinsky. Episode 15: Patton (1970). Released 15 August 2018.. For this episode, we watched Patton, written by Francis Ford Coppola and Edmund H. North, based on the 1954 novel Patton: Ordeal and Triumph by Ladislas Farago and the 1961 novel A Soldier's Story by Omar N. Bradley. The director was Franklin J. Schaffner, the producer was Frank McCarthy and the film starred George C Scott with Karl Malden, Michael Bates and Edward Binns.. As well as Best Picture, Patton was nominated in nine other categories and won a total of seven Academy Awards, including Best Actor which George C Scott turned down.. - Grouch Anthem.. - Book your tickets now for our first-ever live show, where we’ll be watching Annie Hall. It’s at Kings Place in London at 4:00pm on Sunday 9 September. Click here for tickets.. Next time we will be discussing In the Heat of the:

Ayr United dealt a huge blow to Falkirk's promotion hopes by administering an incredible 6-0 thrashing to the Bairns at Somerset Park.. The home side were quite superb as they demolished Falkirk to close the gap on Division One leaders Livingston to eight points.. Eddie Annand grabbed the first goal after 21 minutes with a far-post header and Falkirk missed two fine chances before they were punished again by David Craig who added the second goal after 67 minutes.. The outcome was put beyond doubt when Mark Campbell added the third moments later and the home side then ran riot in the closing stages.. Lee Sharp and Gary Teale inflicted further damage before John Bradford. completed the rout with the sixth and final goal late on.. Subs: Renwick, Lovering,. Rovde, Crilly, Grady.. Falkirk: Hogarth, Christie, Nicholls, Denham, Lawrie, Rennie,. Henry, Kerr, McQuilken, Craig, Hutchison.. Subs: Seaton, McStay,. McAllister, Roberts, Hill.. Links to other Scot Div 1 stories

BUSINESS PROBLEM. We are recognized as one of the leading astrologers and expertise in providing different astrology solutions to turn on the right ways of your happy and satisfied life. We are specialized office problems astrologer who has been providing expert solutions for all of your office and business related issues.. At Global Astrology Services Company, we have a team of expert astrologers in order to help everyone to find the most suitable business field where you can get achievement. We are completely dedicated to use our knowledge to help everyone achieve the best astrological solutions for all problems in your career.. Astrological solutions for business problems:. Do you have a dream of starting a new business? Do you unable to get the precise resources to start the business? Do you have frequent problems in your office? For all kinds of business problems, we are there to help you to resolve business problems by astrology.

Randomized Study to Evaluate the Impact of Telemedicine Care in Patients With Type 1 Diabetes With Multiple Doses of Insulin and Suboptimal HbA1c in Andalusia (Spain): PLATEDIAN Study.
To assess the impact of a telemedicine visit using the platform Diabetic compared with a face-to-face visit, on clinical outcomes, patients' health-related quality of life (HRQoL), and physicians' satisfaction in patients with type 1 diabetes. PLATEDIAN (Telemedicine on Metabolic Control in Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus Andalusian Patients) (NCT03332472) was a multicenter, randomized, 6-month follow-up, open-label, parallel-group controlled study performed in patients with type 1 diabetes with suboptimal metabolic control (HbA1c <8% [<64 mmol/mol]), treated with multiple daily injections. A total of 388 patients were assessed for eligibility; 379 of them were randomized 1:1 to three face-to-face visits (control cohort [CC]) (n = 167) or the replacement of an intermediate face-to-face visit by a telemedicine visit using Diabetic (intervention cohort [IC]) (n = 163). The primary efficacy end point was the mean change of HbA1c levels from baseline to month 6. Other efficacy and safety end points were mean blood glucose, glucose variability, episodes of hypoglycemia and hyperglycemia, patient-reported outcomes, and physicians' satisfaction. At month 6, the mean change in HbA1c levels was -0.04 ± 0.5% (-0.5 ± 5.8 mmol/mol) in the CC and 0.01 ± 0.6% (0.1 ± 6.0 mmol/mol) in the IC (P = 0.4941). The number of patients who achieved HbA1c <7% (<53 mmol/mol) was 73 and 78 in the CC and IC, respectively. Significant differences were not found regarding safety end points at 6 months. Changes in HRQoL between the first visit and final visit did not differ between cohorts, and, regarding fear of hypoglycemia (FH-15 ≥28), statistically significant differences observed at baseline remained unchanged at 6 months (P < 0.05). The use of telemedicine in patients with type 1 diabetes with HbA1c <8% (<64 mmol/mol) provides similar efficacy and safety outcomes as face-to-face visits.

NBC Universal is looking at “The View”-style talk shows with multiple hosts to possibly replace “The Meredith Vieira Show” as its ratings slump behind syndicated competitors, sources told Page Six. stars Tamar demographic — younger, more multicultural — to Meredith’s later-afternoon time slot.”. NBC has already tinkered with Vieira’s format in an effort to boost ratings.. The normally pretaped show was done live the week of Jan. 19, and has recently been featuring multiple guests to talk about topics like parenting and health.. Vieira recently had author Steve Santagati, former New York Giant Michael Clayton and TV host Steve Wilkos for a panel on “what your man really thinks.”. But other NBC insiders insist the network isn’t looking to replace Vieira just yet.. “With any show, you tinker with different things to see what works,” one source said, adding that the panel could become part of the program. A rep for Vieira’s show had no comment.

Springfield Partner Carole Lynch and Associate Denise M. Tremblay recently obtained summary judgment in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts. The plaintiff, a former director of our client—the board of trustees of a municipal library—alleged that the Board violated his 1st Amendment rights (under 42 U.S.C. § 1983) by retaliating against him in pursuing termination of his employment and breached his contract of employment. The plaintiff voluntarily dismissed his claim for violation of the Massachusetts Civil Rights Act, M.G.L. c. 12, after receiving the motion for summary judgment. The judge ruled in favor of our client on the 1st Amendment claim on the grounds that the Board did not act under color of state law as its members were not “state actors.” In the alternative, the Court held that the Board was entitled to qualified immunity. The Court also entered judgment on the breach of contract claim.

Collage of family photographs found at Auschwitz after liberation. Państwowe Muzeum Auschwitz-Birkenau w Oświęcimiu. To honor victims of the Holocaust, we keep their stories alive. Join our nation and a global community to remember the six million Jews who were murdered and to honor the survivors. As unprovoked war rages again in Europe, listen to echoes of the past—survivors’ memories and victims’ experiences.. This year’s event will feature survivors sharing their experiences, and victims’ accounts presented through photographs and historical film footage from the Museum’s collection.. Speakers. Marcel Drimer, Holocaust survivor and Museum volunteer. Irene Weiss, Holocaust survivor and Museum volunteer. Ambassador Stuart Eizenstat, Museum Chairman. After the live broadcast, the recording will be available to watch on demand on the Museum's YouTube page.

Why mobile search was inevitable from 1997

Way back in May 1997, AOL finalized some amazing new technology based around its so called “OSCAR” protocolﾠwhich eventually became AOL’s flagship instant messaging system.

ﾠ

Why was this so amazing?

ﾠ

Well, it may seem something which we all take for granted in the new millenium, but at the time it was revolutionary for users to be able to communicate in real time. Furthermore, this was rolled out on a commercial scale and it proved to be a real game changer, not just for internet usage but also for broader human communication.

ﾠ

Early dominance

ﾠ

AOL’s Instant Messaging system became known simply as “AIM” and it completely dominated the market in the early 2000s. This tells us a number of things:

ﾠ

1. The developed world was eager to be able to communicate in real time, both for social and commercial reasons.

2. Business was desirous of shorter “feedback loops”, as a means of staff development and of shortening their sales cycles.

3. Collaboration in fields such as mathematics, science, education and politics became much easier, albeit creating at the same time some inherent risks.ﾠ

ﾠ

Demise

ﾠ

By 2009, however, use of AIM had largely become non-existent. This was due to a number of reasons:

ﾠ

1. Ageing technology: as processing speeds and the complexity of computing accelerated, so did demands on what was expected of AIM and its competition. New operating systems were tried, noteably the AOL XMPP Gateway. This allowsﾠthird party messaging networks to exchange messages and presence information with the AIM service. Use of the gateway is currently limited to select partners, and AOL state that parties interested in using the XMPP gateway should contact them.ﾠUse of AOL’s XMPP Gateway was and is governed by proprietary terms of service.ﾠCommercially, this was perceived as restrictive and gradually other solutions became more popular.

2. Portability: the advent of mobile phones with 3G rendered the need to be at an office or desktop unneccessary when wanting to instant message, whether by SMS or other means.ﾠ

3. Apple: Apple products surged in popularity, wiping many competitors off the map including this technology.

ﾠ

What next?

ﾠ

Looking back, it was clear that there was a desire for real time mobile communication technologies. It was inevitable, even in 1997, that technology would deliver solutions to this and the fascinating question now is how this trend will continue. It is not clear, however, that we have seen the last of AIM. Take a look at the following video for more details.

ﾠ

ﾠ

ﾠ

Call: 949-267-3298

You can also email ra@IrvineSEOElite.com for direct access if this is easier. If you choose to call, leave a message if I do not answer.

First: Watch This Video

See if SEO is right for your business.

Second: Fill Out A Quick Start Application

If SEO is right for your business, hop over to our Quick Start Application Form.
If you prefer, you can call directly on (949) 267-3298. Leave me a message if I do not answer with your name and number and I'll get back to you same day.

Channel 4 has appointed Alex Mahon, the former boss of the maker of MasterChef and Broadchurch, who now runs the special effects firm behind Hollywood blockbusters including Gravity and Guardians of the Galaxy, as its new chief executive.

Mahon becomes the first woman to run a UK broadcaster larger than Channel 5. She is the first female Channel 4 chief executive in the broadcaster’s 35-year history.

“Alex is an outstanding leader and a highly experienced chief executive who has developed and grown major international businesses in both the creative and technology sectors,” said the Channel 4 chairman, Charles Gurassa.

Jay Hunt quits Channel 4 post just days before decision on top job

Read more

“She brings an impressive combination of relevant experience and is brilliantly placed to help steer Channel 4 through the competitive challenges and opportunities ahead.”

Mahon will take over from David Abraham, who leaves later this year, and will immediately face the prospect of negotiations with the government over the relocation of Channel 4 out of London.

Scottish-born Mahon has previously worked closely with the Department for Culture, Media and Sport, having served as a member of the advisory panel put together to help map out the future scope and remit of the BBC ahead of the renewal of its royal charter last year.

“She is a great enthusiast for Channel 4 and its unique public service remit and her recent work with government will be valuable in facilitating constructive dialogue with the new administration,” said Gurassa.

Mahon is expected to start the £900,000 a year job in October or November and will be involved with the appointment of Hunt’s successor.

Hunt is due to leave at the end of September, after handling the launch of Great British Bake Off which the broadcaster poached from the BBC last year.

“Channel 4’s unique remit to innovate and to appeal to young and diverse audiences make it an essential part of British culture,” said Mahon. “There is nowhere in the world like Channel 4 and, in these changing times, its mission is more important than ever. I’m incredibly proud to be joining Channel 4 and bring to it experience both of leading creative organisations at scale and dealing with an environment of constant technological change.”

Mahon joins from Foundry, a design and visual effects software firm with film credits including Guardians of the Galaxy and technology licensing deals with Hollywood heavyweights such as Disney, Weta Digital and Sony Pictures Imageworks, which she has run since 2015.

Calixarene Assisted Rapid Synthesis of Silver-Graphene Nanocomposites with Enhanced Antibacterial Activity.
Demonstrated herein is a single rapid approach employed for synthesis of Ag-graphene nanocomposites, with excellent antibacterial properties and low cytotoxicity, by utilizing a continuous hydrothermal flow synthesis (CHFS) process in combination with p-hexasulfonic acid calix[6]arene (SCX6) as an effective particle stabilizer. The nanocomposites showed high activity against E. coli (Gram-negative) and S. aureus (Gram-positive) bacteria. The materials were characterized using a range of techniques including transmission electron microscopy (TEM), X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS), Raman spectroscopy, UV-vis spectrophotometry, FT-IR, and X-ray powder diffraction (XRD). This rapid, single step synthetic approach not only provides a facile means of enabling and controlling graphene reduction (under alkaline conditions) but also offers an optimal route for homogeneously producing and depositing highly crystalline Ag nanostructures into reduced graphene oxide substrate.

North American Single-footing Horse

The North American Single-footing Horse, also called the Single-footing Horse or Single-footer, is a horse breed originating in the southern United States. The term "single-foot" refers to an intermediate ambling gait, sometimes alternately called the rack or paso largo, where the horse lifts each foot up separately and puts it down alone.

Characteristics
The Single-footing Horse comes in a wide range of colors, including palomino and buckskin, as well as chestnut, gray, and bay.
The Single-footing Horse is a medium-sized breed of light riding horse. It is primarily known for its intermediate four-beat gait, which may range from 7 to 9 miles per hour on a trail ride to over 15 miles per hour at a road speed. High speeds in excess of 20 mph have been recorded.

Uses
The breed is almost always used for trail or pleasure riding. All Single-footers must be shod in plain keg shoes (a standard machine-made shoe) in order to maintain registration.

History
The Single-footing Horse is descended from crosses of American Saddlebreds, Standardbreds, and other gaited breeds, with some influence from Spanish bloodlines. An influential stallion was EZD Falcon Rowdy, who also influenced the Racking Horse breed.

Sources

Category:Horse breeds

Luca + Stella. Priced from $36. Luca + stella story.... I am a 3rd generation jewelry designer, artist, and craftsman with a unique story to tell about family, loss and love., a general road map he had given me, and a burning desire to make a difference, Luca + Stella was born.. Named after my two young children, Luca + Stella is more than a line of jewelry. Luca + Stella reminds us that through love, inspiration & passion, we should all boldly embrace the journey of life!

An Australian court spared a young man jail time although he hacked into Apple’s systems, and downloaded sensitive data. “The now adult defendant, who was 16 at the time the hacking began, accessed Apple’s internal systems and copied data and authentication keys,” Bloomberg. Yet, it said: “Sentencing of juveniles is focused on rehabilitation and the defendant had shown remorse and cooperated with authorities.”. Read the whole story at Bloomberg »

In the beginning, man dumped his garbage over the edge: into a ravine, a swamp, a river. When ... more. What is recycling? Simply put, recycling is the collection of old materials-either from ... more. It is easy to throw caution to the wind when the office is paying for supplies, business travel.... Was your toilet made before 1993? Consider replacing it with a more efficient one.. These plants are born to be wild. Native vegetation refers to grasses, wildflowers, and other plant life that grows naturally in a certain region and climate, as opposed to those that are forced to exist where they don't belong. Cultivating and encouraging native vegetation is an eco-friendly move; it doesn't require the watering, fertilizers, or pesticides that non-native plants do, so it's better for the environment. Native vegetation is also good for native wildlife.

global partnership gathering international agencies, Governments, NGOs, academia, private sector, civil society and individuals. Participants contribute to the development and implementation of GPML activities. Contributions may be in the form of financial support, in-kind contributions and/or technical expertise.. Specific Objectives. - To reduce the impacts of marine litter worldwide on economies, ecosystem,.. - To increase awareness on sources of marine litter, their fate and impacts.. - To assess emerging issues related to the fate and potential influence of marine litter, including (micro) plastics uptake in the food web and associated transfer of pollutants and impacts on the conservation and welfare of marine fauna.. Join the Global partnership on marine litters

Friday, February 17, 2012. GE maize health risks. Genetically engineered maize: New indication of health risks. By Testbiotech. February 17, 2012. Bt protein toxic to human cells. Caen/Munich -. According to companies like Monsanto, which produces genetically engineered maize with these toxins, the toxins are supposed to be active only against particular insects and should have no effect on mammals and humans at all. The investigation of effects of Bt toxins on human cellsisation.

Photo source: Grandmother's Kitchen. An excellent treat to take to your next pot luck. The crowds will love them!. Wash strawberries and remove the stem.. Slice from tip to base, but not all the way through.. Slice again perpendicular to your first cut.. Peel the strawberry slighly open and fill with a spoon of whipped cream, and a drizzle of chocolate sauce.

breaks. . Swing the End of the World. Deep in the wilds of Ecuador is a seismic monitoring station known as Casa del Arbol (in the original Casa del Arbol). Its purpose is to observe the activity of the Tungurahua volcano, which is located nearby. This volcano woke up on August 19, 1999. Since then, climbing it has been banned, and it is under scrutiny. The station is a small tree house. Which can already be considered a landmark, since it is located on the edge of a fairly deep cliff. But much more interesting are the swings that hang from the branches of a tree, right next to the station (more like a large birdhouse). All over the world, these swings are known as “swings at the end of the world” or “end of the world” swings.

Availability: In stock. Mouse over the image for zoom. SKU: 170-0003. Price:. $ 39.33. Made from a special formula resilient vinyl plastic, 1/2" thick, cobbler's/diy worker's mat. These are ideal when using a punch or cutting your project. The mat is firm yet giving-resilient so as to make it ideal for working with your tools. The mat lasts a long time and can be used on both sides. It serves as a protection for the surface you are working on and should be used on a solid base for best results.Dimensions: 10" x 10" square (25.4 x 25.4 cm) with 1/2 inch (13 mm) thick.

Single Passage Rotary Unions. Single-Passage Rotary Unions, (also known as rotary swivels, rotary couplings,rotary joints),can be used for various applications within all types of industries, and it is a precision mechanical devices used to transfer fluid from a stationary source, such as a supply pipe, into a rotating piece of machinery. Rotating Unions and Rotary Joints are used in numerous manufacturing processes to cool, heat, or transfer fluid (pneumatic or hydraulic) power.. All models of single passage rotary unions are available left or right hand thread on the rotor, and the housing also can option. In addition, all of single rotary joint are accepted customized.. Rotary Unions. Slip Ring Union. Slip Rings

The Leader family of luminometers is designed to detect chemiluminescent emissions from a wide range of sample types and quantities. Capable of processing up to 250 samples at a time, the Leader platform provides an automated photon-counting luminometer with both the sensitivity and flexibility to perform virtually any luminescent assay.. About. The Leader system platform allows laboratories to seamlessly work with innovative Hologic assays to detect the presence of disease. Pairing advanced automation with the specificity and accuracy of our full range of assays leads to early detection, appropriate treatment and better outcomes, for labs and for patients.. - The Leader HC+ instrument provides an automated platform for Hologic Aptima nucleic acid amplification tests.. - Designed to work with the Accuprobe and GASDirect non-amplified DNA assays, the Leader 50i and 450i instruments provide the ideal detection system for sensitivity, speed, accuracy and ease of use.

we used the metro but you have to change once. the pavements are not smooth if you have luggage on wheels and it is a good 5 minute walk with a bit of a hill, so takes a bit of effort.. There is a fantastic minibus service at the airport called Minibud. It took us directly to the hotel and collected us for the return. Literally door to door. The price was extremely reasonable and so convenient. Cannot recommend it enough.. we took a shuttle bus which was direct but we had a bit of a wait.. We booked the transfer with jet2. Get an answer from The Three Corners Hotel Art staff and past guests.. Romantic Guide to Budapest

-  Counseling and School Psychology promotes a field-based scientist/practitioner model to prepare culturally competent and compassionate professionals at the graduate level. Our program prepares students to provide service and leadership in school psychology, clinical mental health counseling, school counseling and student affairs. The scientist/practitioner model in CSP creates practitioners who understand, critically evaluate and effectively use the research base within their profession to make decisions and guide practice.. The department consists of nationally and internationally accredited masters and educational specialist programs in Counseling and School Psychology.. Department Strengths Include:. For more information, please view our Counseling and School Psychology Department Recruitment presentation and our outline of the admission process.. College of Education B114. 1615 W. 24th St.. Kearney, NE 68849. P. 308-865-8508. F. 308-865-8097

Guiding LightOffers articles about different aspects of mediumship, the spirit world and psychic gifts. Provides a profile about the British author, an automated tarot reading and a psychic test.. Madison Spiritualist CampIn New Jersey with church services, classes for spiritual enlightenment, healing and readings.. Physical Mediumship InternationalEducational articles about the different types of mediumship. Includes a number of pages devoted to the phenomena at Scole including apports, the films of images and the Alice project. Also includes advice on how to sit for phenomena, a guestbook and recommended reading.. Spiritual PlatformOffers a series of articles on subjects including aromatherapy, dreams, psychic animals, the aura and the chakras. Includes poetry.. SpiritualistChurch and medium directory.. Spiritualist ResourcesIncludes articles, events, discussions, a directory of mediums, healers and churches.

The Incomplete Book of Dragons (UK), also known as The Complete Book of Dragons: A Guide to Dragon Species in the US[1], is a book featuring all known dragons from Cressida Cowell's book series. It was released on May 20, 2014.. Description brilliance and fire and spirit of that lost dragon world. Featuring dragon profiles, dragon anatomy, dragon riding tips and lots more must know info e.g. how to spot the difference between an arsenic adderwing and a glow worm (you don't want to mix those two up) and what to do when confronted with a Hellsteether. This is a must for all keen dragonwatchers out there.).

We always have a great time when Branson joins us for our weekly Legend's dinner with Grammy & Pa. He's so full of personality and gets a long with both girls so well. :). We survived another first day of school! It was a pretty smooth morning, even Drew cooperated by sleeping most of the night and waking up to have breakfast with the girls! School is starting 10 minutes earlier than last year so we were up and at it at 6:30 to make sure we had enough time to park and walk the girls in...plus take pictures. Lots and lots of pictures!. Ava was pretty excited to go see her friends but I think as the time for leaving for school neared she got more and more nervous. She went from bubbly and talkative to a little more solemn. She did at least smile for a picture or two! :)

Advanced Reiki Training. Are you a Reiki II attuned practitioner and would like to move to the next step? Advanced Reiki Training (ART) is the 1st level of Reiki Master, offering the first of 2 master symbols for more powerful Reiki energy. You will learn advanced techniques as well as more instruments for self-care in preparing to become a Reiki Master Teacher. So,

Fired Up Training Services, LLC provides quality classroom training, interactive hands-on training, and consulting for your busy training officer.. All of our classes are delivered by qualified and experienced fire service professionals who are eager to provide your members with a quality learning experience.. Keep up to date by looking at our bulletin board often where you will find up to date information on training opportunities and the weekly Never in Vain Drill. The Never in Vain Drill is a brief training bulletin that you can download each week and learn important life saving information based on a firefighter who died in the line of duty.. - 799 Gilbert St.. - Castle Rock, CO 80104. - Phone: 303-660-2257. - Toll Free:. - Website:. Want to know more about Fired Up Training Services, LLC. Get Info Now

The Original 1 BMX Mini is our base model, built for big airs, park jamming or flat ground tech-tricks. If this is your first Mini BMX, the Original 1 offers you the perfect combination of performance and safety at an affordable price.

The bike performs as good as it looks too, with quality components throughout — rather than plastic, as found on department store bikes.

The Original 1 B offers a 3-piece cranks to allow additional strength and weight for teenagers and adults to shred with peace of mind.

Wildcat is the world leader in Mini BMX component development — no other brand offers disc brakes or a full inventory of spare parts, backed by our friendly service. (For disc brakes, please select an Original 2 or Pro Series Wildcat)

All Wildcat Mini BMX's feature a sealed 9 tooth Wildcat cassette hub for fast, precise, and loud engagement, and incredibly strong 6 ply, 60 psi tires that are built to take a beating.

You'll stand out from the crowd at the skate park on this stunt bike and will be wanting to post all your tricks straight to your favorite social platform. We'd love to see them — make sure you tag #wildcatminiusa

12 months warranty on components and a limited lifetime warranty on the frame, you can shred with peace of mind.

Make sure your kids stay safe — we are the only Mini BMX manufacturer to develop a specialized brake system because we want you and your kids to be safe while having a good time.

"THE GENUINE WILDCAT"

Specs:

Strong 3-piece Crank with Wildcat patented high-speed bearings.

265lb capacity on 3 Piece Crank bikes (220lb on 1 Piece Crank bikes).

Heat treated light weight wheels with 60 PSI tires.

Patented Wildcat 9 tooth driver and high-speed bearings.

Light Weight high strength 4130 Cro-Moly handle bars.

Suitable for stunt and competition use — not suitable for use on registered roads.

Customer Reviews

Thanks for your feedback Robert - we hope that you or your kids have an insane amount of fun with this Wildcat Mini.

K

K.D.

Awesome trick bike

My 11 year old son absolutely loves it!!

So good Kristine - glad he loves it.

N

N.m.

I have two boys who race BMX.. we travel all over for their me races and it’s become a lifestyle for our family. There is a lot of down time and the weapon of choice has been the mini bikes for several years. The first mini bike I purchased was a very well known brand and it seemed to perform well. However - I stared noticing other brands making minis that seemed equal in quality but about half the price. So when it came time to replace the bike I went with the cheaper less known brand of mini. I didn’t notice and difference in quality between the two brands. About month ago I saw a kid kit one of the races cruising the pits on a mini that looked nothing like I’d seen before. I figured some rich Factory dad had somehow found the parts to build a custom mini.. just be taking a quick glance it was obvious this mini was top of the line . Later I was able to find out it was not a custom build.. it was a Wildcat MIni that he purchased complete . The bike was similiar in price ronthe more welll known brand of mini sold in the U.S. I decided to purchase the bike and if has exceeded all’s expectations. Its smoother, faster and I would argue nicer looking then any other mini out there. My sons both love riding these bikes over anything else the have - including their race bikes which which both cost over 2k to build. You can find mini’s cheaper then Wildacat- but if they are gonna be riding a lot and you want a top notch bike this is the best there is and I’ve seen several. Until a new company emerges that can do better - wildcat is without the best bang for your buck and I will certainly be buying another Willscat once it’s time to replace the two we have now -

WOW Nathan - thank you so much for such a comprehensive review on the Wildcat Original 1B.
We really appreciate it. We strive to be the market leader in the development of Mini BMX bikes - we want our pride to be riding the best, the lightest and the strongest.

Tiny and tough! Super fun! I wish they existed when I was a kid! My little groms and I love it! Here’s a couple pics of myself playing with our new Mini freak. I’m 175 and this thing is as tough as my 20” bike and is a rush to ride! Well done to the wildcat crew for sending this gap in the in the market for young riders and adults alike. Tiny shred!!!

That’s the absolute best Edward. We love seeing dads get in on the action. Thanks for your positive review and so pleased that you and your little groms are diggin it.

[Development of direct phlebography for surgical intervention of the varix cruris].
To determine the appropriate treatment for patients with varix cruris, we performed three different methods of phlebography including direct phlebography, and compared their findings by each phlebography. Conventional ascending phlebography was taken routinely and initially in all limbs (n = 120). "Direct phlebography" developed by us was then indicated, when the visualization of the deep vein system was unclear by conventional ascending phlebography. This method was useful for the clear opacification of the deep vein system, and also was able to visualize the deep femoral vein clearly. After the precise diagnosis of varix cruris, descending phlebography under the Valsalva maneuver at supine position was carried out for the evaluation of the deep vein insufficiency. According to these phlebographic findings, conventional stripping with or without sub- or suprafascial ligation of communicating vein was indicated to saphenous typed varix cruris. The valvuloplasty to the highest valve in superficial femoral vein was carefully added in eight limbs which showed the significant reflux by added in eight limbs which showed the significant reflux by the descending phlebography. This valvuloplasty was remarkably contributed to the immediate healing of the stasis ulcer without recurrence. And compression sclerotherapy was selected to some patients with branch typed varix cruris.

BRUSSELS -- European Union ambassadors appear set to prolong asset freezes and visa bans against 146 individuals and 37 entities that, according to the EU, are responsible for actions against Ukraine's territorial integrity.

EU sources have told RFE/RL that the decision to prolong the measures by six months will be taken ahead of a September 15 deadline without much discussion.

The targets of the sanctions include companies in Crimea and various battalions formed by the Russia-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine, as well as Russian politicians like Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin and Dmitry Kiselyov, a state media executive and presenter whom many regard as the Kremlin's chief propagandist.

The sanctions were first introduced in March 2014 after Russia's seizure and illegal annexation of Ukraine's Crimean Peninsula.

The EU's economic sanctions that target Russia's energy, military, and financial sectors are up for renewal on January 31.

EU sources told RFE/RL that those sectoral sanctions will be discussed at a Brussels summit of EU leaders in October.

Removal of the distal 75% of the pancreas may be done in adults without producing diabetes or deficiency of external pancreatic secretion. This procedure is often employed in the treatment of malignant and benign tumors. Resection of the body and tail of the pancreas may also be useful in treatment of an occasional patient who sustains severe trauma to the pancreas with complete transection, or with a crushing injury involving the distal portion of this organ. Little data are available, however, concerning the effect of extensive pancreatic resection upon the young, growing individual. Although such a procedure does not result in the development of diabetes, the quantitative requirements for exocrine secretion during the phase of rapid growth have not been established. This experiment was designed to evaluate the effect of distal subtotal pancreatectomy on the growth and metabolism of young mice.. Material and Methods. Ninety C-3-H mice, each 4.

The study of graphs, or graph theory, is used in communications and information technology systems for various purposes. A graph refers to a collection of nodes (or vertices) and a collection of edges that connect pairs of nodes. A dominating set DS for a graph G is a set of nodes in G such that every node not in DS is joined to at least one member of DS by some edge. That is, each node in G is either a member of the dominating set DS or 1 hop away from a member node (may also be referred to as a dominating node). It is noted that a dominating set may include disjoint sets of nodes in the graph.
A connected dominating set (CDS) of a graph G includes a dominating set and a set of connecting nodes that may be needed to connect disjoint nodes in the dominating set. CDSs have traditionally been used in mobile ad-hoc networks for routing applications. For instance, broadcast and multicast protocols may efficiently reach all destinations by restricting transmissions to nodes that are members of the CDS (instead of every node in the graph). In addition to routing, mobile ad-hoc networks may benefit from CDSs in other areas including channel access, link adaptation, energy consumption, power control, dynamic resource management and the like.
Since a given graph may have more than one CDS, it may be beneficial to identify a CDS with minimum number of elements (e.g., nodes and/or edges). Such a CDS may be referred to as a minimum connected dominating set (MCDS). However, it has been shown that the computation complexity of minimum connected dominating set problem (MCDS), and minimum dominating set problem (MDS) in general, is NP-complete. Therein lies a need for a system and method capable of efficiently identifying a CDS with the number of elements as close to the minimum number as possible.

Characterization and technological properties of Staphylococcus xylosus strains isolated from a Tunisian traditional salted meat.
The technological properties of strains of Staphylococcus xylosus were studied to select the most suitable for use as starter cultures for the production of dried fermented meat products. Strains of S. xylosus were isolated from traditional salted Tunisian meat and were identified by biochemical and molecular methods. Thirty strains of S. xylosus were studied to evaluate their catalase, nitrate reductase, lipolytic, proteolytic and antibacterial activities as well as growth ability at different temperatures, pH's and NaCl concentrations. All strains of S. xylosus had catalase activity and were able to reduce nitrates to nitrites. The nitrate reductase activity increased when the strains were kept under anaerobic conditions. Proteolytic activity on milk and on gelatin agar was demonstrated for 100% and 83.3% of the S. xylosus isolates, respectively. However extracellular proteolytic activity as assessed by the azocasein method was poor in all the strains. Lipolytic activity as assessed by the agar method showed that 76.6% of strains of S. xylosus could hydrolyze Tween 20 against 33.3% that could hydrolyze tributyrin. Tween 80 was hydrolyzed by only 10% of strains. Strains of S. xylosus hydrolyzed pork fat better than beef and lamb fat. The majority of strains had antibacterial activity against Salmonella arizonae, Staphylococcus aureus, Pseudomonas aeuroginosa, Escherichia coli and Enterococcus faecalis.

The tri-lobal polyester filament eliminates lint issues and provides shine and lustre as well as strength, tenacity, and resistance to thread breaks at the higher speeds used by embroidery machines and long arm quilting machines. The one inch color repeats allow you to add stunning visual interest and maximize the color variance in your designs. Also recommended for appliqué, hand embroidery, hand quilting, and other thread crafts.. Great thread. From Anonymous of Stafford, Virginia on 3/5/2018.. Great thread. Wish this kind of thread was found in Virginia stores.. The. Shopping Cart. is currently empty

CSX: Veterans Welcome. JACKSONVILLE, Fla. — CSX Transportation (NYSE:CSX) is one of the best places for the nation’s veterans to work following their military careers, according to G.I. Jobs magazine. CSX Transportation ranked 8th on the annual list of the nations most military-friendly employers. This marks the third straight year the company has made the list, rising from number 45 in 2006 to its current position. In selecting companies for recognition, the magazine considers the resources dedicated to military hiring, Reserve/Guard policies, percentage of new hires who are veterans, veteran training programs and previous rankings. Only 2 percent of the 2,500 eligible companies

How To Become An EKG Technician in Georgia. In order to qualify for EKG Tech Training jobs in Georg EKG Tech Training careers in Georgia, medical imaging department for course registration deadlines, and engineering program requirements.. Cardiovascular technologists and technicians create images and conduct tests involving the heart and lungs.. Beyond major requirements within the medical imaging department, you may consider Oakton Community College earth science as a complementary elective.

OUCH! Free Content gets hurt by enabled Ad Blockers

Mobility means synching up

If you’re an IT executive today, things pretty much work this way: so very often when you get a present from a family member, it’s the latest in mobile computing devices. In fact, most executives in this business are already carrying wireless handheld devices alongside a two-way pager and a cell phone.

Of course, I personally can’t wait to have my own version of a Dick Tracy watch, which means that just about anybody will be able to contact me whenever they take a notion to do so. But the fundamental problem with mobile computing is the need for such a concept – apart from existing IT services, that is.

To make matters worse, companies such as Verizon now are giving away free Internet-enabled phones to people willing to sign long-term contracts. L.M. Ericcson Telephone Co., meanwhile, is working with AT&T Corp. to create a new generation of wireless consumers by giving away wireless devices shaped like phones, allowing people to win prizes by interacting with the Who Wants to be a Millionaire television program.

The reason this represents such an immense problem for IT is that all these executives are sure they can’t live without such devices. Naturally, this means they want the devices connected to their work environments so that they can become ever more productive.

What most people don’t realize is that this presents a huge challenge for IT. Each mobile device on the market today comes with its own set of built-in services for e-mail and calendering. In order to integrate those services with existing corporate services built around Lotus Development Corp.’s Notes or Microsoft Corp.’s Exchange, IT organizations have to invest in synchronization software that can be purchased from more than a dozen different vendors today.

The problem is that every time one of the devices this software is intended to synchronize gets updated, the synchronization software needs to be updated. And of course anytime any of the core enterprise applications gets an upgrade, you’ll also need to update the synchronization software.

For IT people, this creates an infinite synchronization loop that diverts attention away from their real jobs: to make sure that their company has a working IT infrastructure. This loop exists because the concept of mobile computing has not yet sufficiently worked its way into our application development and Internet infrastructure psyche. Instead of having to purchase synchronization software to make the concept of mobile computing a reality, the technology needed to support mobile computing should be built directly into the applications we use and the services provided by ISPs.

Unfortunately, we’re a good two years away from seeing this approach become a reality, so in the meantime we can expect to see continued proliferation of mobile computing products that just add to the problem.

Alas, trying to put a lid on this phenomenon is roughly akin to the effort back in the 1980s of trying to stop the infiltration of PCs into corporate environments. The reality is that you can’t stop people when it comes to acquiring the latest gadget in an economy where people have far too much disposable income. And if you don’t try to support it, end-users will once again view the IT department as a behind-the-times bottleneck that prevents them from attaining data nirvana alongside their latest stock quotes.

So the best thing you can do for the moment is make a short-term investment in synchronization software because you will have some modicum of control. Nevertheless, IT organizations should also be putting a tremendous amount of pressure on ISVs and ISPs to create truly seamless mobile computing infrastructures.

After all, it’s in their interest to do so. Once we have such platforms, everybody can participate. Until then, mobile computing will just remain a troublesome niche application for those who can afford to pay for it.

The only question that remains is, how long are we going to have to live with mobile solutions that only take us part of the way there?

Michael Vizard is editor in chief at InfoWorld. Send him e-mail at michael_vizard@infoworld.com.

Four-star forward Harry Froling announced his commitment to SMU on Tuesday.. Four–star class of 2016 prospect Harry Froling has committed to SMU, the power forward announced on Tuesday.. According to Scout.com, Froling, an Australian prospect, took a trip to the United States and made official visits to Illinois, Arizona, Colorado and SMU.. “One of the biggest reasons I chose SMU was the opportunity to build something,” Froling told Scout.com. “Larry, [Tim Jackovich] and K.T. [Turner] have been doing a great job recruiting me, and the fans were amazing.”. The 6’10”, 230-pound forward will join fellow Aussie Tom Wilson at SMU. The pair played together on Australia’s U17 team. Froling also has two sisters who play on SMU’s women’s basketball team.. I'm just gonna leave this here...... @Tomwilson734 🐎⬆️ pic.twitter.com/OZr9KZnOmA— Harry Froling (@HarryFroling) January 26, 2016. The Mustangs also have a commitment from class of 2016 point guard Dashawn McDowell.

Pages

Tuesday, January 8, 2013

yorkshire pudding.. breakfast and dinner version..

i am a huge huge cheer's fan.. it's one of my all time favorite shows.. and one my favorite characters was cliff clavin, the under appreciated, hapless loser mail carrier.. one episode cliff explains yorkshire pudding to the cheer's gang here. and i have always remembered his "explanation" now i have since learned it was bogus but that was part of cliff's charm he made crap up and lead you to believe it was fact.. kind of like when i tell shell or jake "well you know i read on the internet... blah blah" and shell calls me out every time.. she says "MOM YOU CAN NOT QUOTE PEREZ HILTON as a legitimate source of facts.. {head hanging in shame} i can't help it.. he wouldn't put anything on his web site that wasn't true right?? right?? helloooooo **tapping on computer screen** right?? well enough with my gullibility.. when i was a kid, well 9th grade, i stayed my friend kathy's house all the time and we made this for breakfast every time!! we would sit with our warm "oven pancake" and smear jam on it and watch american bandstand.. {ok i don't know if we watched american bandstand we probably watched smurfs but hey i have an image to uphold here..} any way when my mom and i would go to lawry's prime rib house {i've mentioned before my fondness for that place} they always served with their prime rib a yorkshire pudding.. theirs were individual so they were more like a pop over, now i could have, i repeat, could have made individual ones, you see my mother in law gave me a pop over pan once.. {very nice of her huh} and well it was big and bulky and so i moved out to my cabinet in the garage.. if you've been reading this blog for any amount of time you have heard me tell my tales of woe about putting things in the garage.. pete donates them!! right out of my cabinet.. {he doesn't anymore because i threatened to clean out the garage one day and donate his crap..} so you guessed it.. he donated my pop over pan.. *sigh* so i had to make one big one.. nevertheless it was yummy and decadent and delicious.

preheat your oven to 425 degrees {f}... ladle your pan drippings from your roast into a large iron skillet {or put your butter in a large iron skillet} now add your "drippings/butter" to the oven to get hot ..just a few minutes.. meanwhile make your batter.. sift your flour and salt together.. add your eggs and milk and whisk until thoroughly combined.. add your pepper {don't add pepper if making for breakfast} and quickly incorporate.. remove drippings/butter from oven and pour batter right until the hot drippings/butter.. put in oven and cook for 12-15 minutes until puffy and lightly brown.. remove from oven and serve hot.. when serving for dinner i like to put my meat right on top of it.. when serving for breakfast i like to serve it with raspberry jam.. yummy!!!

get the newest blog post right to your email

search by ingredient

Loading...

kaotic kitchen

my little space on the net for recipes and thoughts... i should start off by saying I am not a blogger, this is, shall we say, a journal of sorts for my recipes and random thoughts now and again, to be shared with family and friends. my cooking philosophy is simple, if the recipe has too many ingredients I won't cook it, too many pots and pans required I won't do it, sandwiches DO NOT constitute dinner. I cook simple, quick and easy meals.

about me

I have had a love for cooking since I was young.. well ok at first it wasn't a love it was my "chore." but love came later.. When I turned 16 my Mother started me reading recipes on Sunday and then picking 2 or 3 from her cook books or magazines and then preparing a grocery list from the recipe (which today I am lost if I don't have my detailed list for my trip to the store) from my list I would then clip coupons and I would head off to the grocery store.. As an incintive (I always need incintives and money works wonders *smile*) I was allowed to keep any money I saved from the coupons and she would then pay me per meal I made. I had to cook at leaast 2 a week but if wanted more money I would cook more, the prices ranged from $5.00 for simple meals such as tacos and refried beans (no canned in my house) or $15.00 for something like Chicken Cacciatore (because it takes so much longer but is so much worth it). So when I got married and got a house of my own I was able to conquer the grocery store and cooking delicious meals. um thanks Mom?

Post navigation

What’s The Forecast On Kepler-7B? Hot And Cloudy (NPR)

An artist’s rendition of Kepler-7b (left) with Jupiter for comparison. (Photo: NASA/JPL-Caltech/MIT)

What’s The Forecast On Kepler-7B? Hot And Cloudy

by

October 01, 201311:02 AM

Scientists are reasonably sure that it’s a cloudy day on , a planet that orbits its star about 1,000 light-years away from us.

Using NASA’s orbiting space telescopes, researchers publishing in say that for the first time they’ve been able to make a rudimentary map of the atmosphere of an extrasolar planet.

The team used faint visible light and infrared reflections from Kepler-7b to make their cloud map.

“By observing this planet with Spitzer and Kepler [telescopes] for more than three years, we were able to produce a very low-resolution ‘map’ of this giant, gaseous planet,” study co-author Brice-Olivier Demory of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge said in a statement.

Contact the. Member Service Center. The Alaska USA Payday Credit Line was designed to give active duty military personnel and their families access to cash when they need it.. An excellent alternative to other payday lending options, a payday credit line offers an affordable line of credit, no application or transaction fees, and a credit limit maximum that can be paid off reasonably within six months or less at a great rate.. Consider adding payment protection as well.

DAC Collection Artist Information. George Washington Wilson. Scottish photographer, publisher, and painter. Brief biography, in most instances from the Union List of Artist Names® Online:. Born 7 February 1823; died 9 March 1893. In 1857 Wilson first began to photograph war ships. In 1859 he photographed scenes of Edinburgh and called them "Scottish Gems." In 1860 Wilson was appointed photographer to Queen Victoria in Scotland. In 1862-1864 Wilson contributed to the illustration of 'Ruined Abbeys & Castles of Great Britain & Ireland.' Wilson was a founding member in 1863 of the Liverpool Amateur Photographic Association. By 1880 he had established the largest publishing company of topographical views in Britain called "G.W. Wilson & Co.".. Artist ID number in the Union List of Artist Names®: ULAN 500025761.. The ULAN link above leads to a cataloging authority record at the Getty Research Institute.. Objects related to George Washington Wilson:.

Construction. Standard Shipping. Express Shipping. REVIEW SNAPSHOT®by PowerReviews. Reviewed by 1 customer. Pros. Cons. Best Uses. They looked and felt nice. The width was perfect for a size 9, but the length was more like a 10 or 10 1/2. I had at least an inch in front of my big toe. I felt like I was wearing clown shoes or trying to convince people that I have bigger feet. I'm not that insecure about my shoe size. I wish that they were a little shorter and then they'd be a nice pair of shoes.. Do you have questions about this shoe?. Get answers from SKECHERS customers or our in-house shoe expert.. Q:How do these run, do they run long? Schould by a size smaller?. 1 answer. A:This particular model has a toe taper design, so they may feel a bit long due to the extra room at the front to account for the toe shape. You may want to try a half size smaller if you don't like the extra room at the toes.

Governments love to blame international forces beyond their control for economic ills at home. Gordon Brown was a dab hand at this. But when a boom which involved a tripling of debt and house prices ends in a bust should we really be surprised? And could the governments of Spain and the UK not have stepped in to end the excesses long before their economies got addicted to debt? I think so and let us hope they don't let booms get carried away again although looking at both countries the next boom seems an awfully long way off.

The Indians have placed righty Corey Kluber on the 10-day DL with lower back discomfort, per a team announcement. He’ll be replaced for the time being by righty Joe Colon.

Kluber has reportedly been dealing with the back issue throughout the early portion of the season, so it seems the hope is that some rest will help him move past it. He has struggled somewhat thus far, perhaps due in part to the nagging discomfort.

Though Kluber is still carrying a strong 9.9 K/9 on the year, he has allowed more walks (3.1 BB/9) than usual and has coughed up seven long balls through 37 1/3 innings. His velocity has dropped a bit, with his four-seamer sitting at 91.5 mph and his sinker averaging 92.1 mph.

BENEFITS OF TRAINING. Cardiovascular Health. Physical health is vital to achieving mental and spiritual well-being. Bujinkan training promotes oxygen consumption, blood circulation, muscle toning, flexibility and relaxation.. Confidence in Self. Partner scenario training, develops awareness of surroundings. Developing the instincts needed to determine if something is a threat and how to respond.. Challenging ones-self. Bujinkan training promotes self-assessment of one’s preferences, strengths, and areas for improvement. Increased self-awareness.. Connection to Self. Bujinkan training exposes practitioners to Eastern concepts such as unifying the body, mind and spirit; inner wellness and mindfulness.. Creative Thinking. Bujinkan training promotes creativity and innovation in one’s personal and professional life. Self-directed learners have an edge over the competition.. Community Values. Bujinkan training exposes practitioners to Eastern concepts such as harmony and social connectedness that are integral to wellbeing..

Corporate Meetings & Retreats. Tired of boring, mundane corporate retreats that your executive team tries to avoid?. We create meetings and retreats that inspire success.. Brownell Incentives has extensive experience partnering with corporate meeting and event planners to design retreats and meetings that motivate and exceed expectations.. We know that planning an effective meeting requires your most valuable but limited resource: your time.. We work closely with you to understand your goals and objectives and then take care of the logistics and details on your behalf. We can help with selecting and hiring motivational speakers, coordinating air and ground transportation, creating themed entertainment, organizing team building activities, and selecting desirable and unique destinations.. Expectations are growing, even when budgets are not. Let us help you get the most out of your corporate retreat.

Winter Herb Kvass from Ferment Your Vegetables. Read Article >. The 3-Piece Econo Airlock is an excellent choice for the a beginning fermenter. Whether you're fermenting vegetables, sauerkraut or beverages, this airlock takes some of the guess work out of the fermenting process and is easy to assemble. After inserting it into a stopper, and the proper container, fill to the & "fill line" with clean water to create a closed fermenting system. This allows CO2 to escape, but does not allow air back in to contaminate your fermenting product. The 3 plastic pieces come apart for easy cleaning between uses and is easy to assemble. This Airlock fits our Rubber Stopper #6. Made in Canada. Scroll down to the From the Blog section to see how to use the reCap Pour Cap with Airlock & Rubber Stopper for fermenting and get a Kvass Recipe.

mosaics a set of images. gdal_merge.py [-o out_filename] [-of out_format] [-co NAME=VALUE]* [-ps pixelsize_x pixelsize_y] [-tap] [-separate] [-v] [-pct] [-ul_lr ulx uly lrx lry] [-n nodata_value] [-init "value [value...]"] [-ot datatype] [-createonly] input_files. This utility will automatically mosaic a set of images. All the images must be in the same coordinate system and have a matching number of bands, but they may be overlapping, and at different resolutions. In areas of overlap, the last image will be copied over earlier ones.. Pixel size to be used for the output file. If not specified the resolution of the first input file will be used.. (GDAL >= 1.8.0) (target aligned pixels) align the coordinates of the extent of the output file to the values of the -tr, such that the aligned extent includes the minimum extent.. NOTE: gdal_merge.py is a Python script, and will only work if GDAL was built with Python support. initalized to 255.. % gdal_merge.py -init "0 0 255" -o out.tif in1.tif in2.tif

To link to the entire object, paste this link in email, IM or documentTo embed the entire object, paste this HTML in websiteTo link to this page, paste this link in email, IM or documentTo embed this page, paste this HTML in website

Literacy Notes
The 2013 Literacy Directors’ Retreat
Literacy directors from throughout
the state met to exchange ideas at
Oklahoma’s annual literacy directors’
retreat. For the second year in a row,
the retreat theme was inspired by an
old I Love Lucy television episode
featuring Lucy and Ethel working
in a chocolate factory. A morning
brainstorming session had directors
comparing new tutors to Lucy and
Ethel’s chocolate wrapping experi-ence.
What was the consensus? Unlike
Lucy and Ethel’s humorous work
practices, volunteer tutors are suc-cessful
when they receive adequate
training, on-going supervision, and
regular feedback. Interspersed be-tween
fun activities, program direc-tors
also discussed fund raising, adult
learner book clubs, health literacy,
and techniques to deal with stress.
The retreat was made possible thanks
to Library Services and Technology
Act funds from the Institute of Mu-seum
and Library Services.
[Left to right] Ida Fay Winters describes the health literacy project in Altus. • Rebecca Barker shares ideas on using high interest
reading materials. • Jana Smithey (Elk City) and other literacy directors try to balance a hula hoop during team building exercise.
You Are Invited
The Oklahoma Literacy Coalition
invites you to attend its Great Ex-pectations
event on September 27
at the Will Rogers Theater in Okla-homa
City. The event will feature
guest speaker, Mary Dahlgren
Ed.D. The presentation, What We
Know About Reading in the Brain,
will provide current research about
the brain and how reading develops.
Dahlgren will share slides on how
the brain reacts to educational inter-ventions
and changes that occur in a
10–12 week time period. Attendees
will participate in an engaging ex-ercise
to simulate the experience of
learning how to read.
The presentation, luncheon, and
annual meeting are free to Coalition
members. Registration is required
prior to the event. For more infor-mation,
contact Angela Spindle at
oklitcoalition@yahoo.com
Check out the state
coalition’s new website at
www.okliteracycoalition.okpls.org
Summer 2013
Check Inside
About Literacy Assessments. 2
Celebrating Our Journey. 2
A Whole Lot of Smiles. 3
Health Literacy . 3
Fiesta in Fuqua in Duncan . 4
Pryor’s New Literacy Program. 4
Sorority Wins National Award. 5
iPads Enhance Tutoring Efforts. 5

Literacy Notes
The 2013 Literacy Directors’ Retreat
Literacy directors from throughout
the state met to exchange ideas at
Oklahoma’s annual literacy directors’
retreat. For the second year in a row,
the retreat theme was inspired by an
old I Love Lucy television episode
featuring Lucy and Ethel working
in a chocolate factory. A morning
brainstorming session had directors
comparing new tutors to Lucy and
Ethel’s chocolate wrapping experi-ence.
What was the consensus? Unlike
Lucy and Ethel’s humorous work
practices, volunteer tutors are suc-cessful
when they receive adequate
training, on-going supervision, and
regular feedback. Interspersed be-tween
fun activities, program direc-tors
also discussed fund raising, adult
learner book clubs, health literacy,
and techniques to deal with stress.
The retreat was made possible thanks
to Library Services and Technology
Act funds from the Institute of Mu-seum
and Library Services.
[Left to right] Ida Fay Winters describes the health literacy project in Altus. • Rebecca Barker shares ideas on using high interest
reading materials. • Jana Smithey (Elk City) and other literacy directors try to balance a hula hoop during team building exercise.
You Are Invited
The Oklahoma Literacy Coalition
invites you to attend its Great Ex-pectations
event on September 27
